['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Samantha C.', '5', "Best rice plates in town.  My family and i have been loyal customers forever. We don't order rice plates any where else but Dat Thanh. Food has always been great and consistent with good portion.  The service has always been nice.  And the place is clean, especially when fish sauce is one of the main sauces.   Wish there are more Dat Thanhs over CA..."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dean C.', '3', "2/14/18 My soon-to-be-family feels like rice?, then com t' da' thang.  You know, Com Tam Dat Thanh!!! We all walked there, kid, mom, dad, his grandparents... all jolly.  Cause we all gonna eat rice... ...huge plates of broken rice topped with all kinds of meats, some good, some just okay, and some that have bipolar disorder, cause you know--when it's good it's amazing, and when it's bad... have 911 ready! 3/5 #sanjose #vietnameserice #brokenrice"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shannon C.', '5', "A great restaurant. I just went here an hour ago & I had a great experience.  My friend and I ordered #11 as pictured and the portion wasn't too small, or too big just right. We also ordered drinks and my order came out to about $27.  The workers are extremely nice and I didn't feel rushed whatsoever. I add this because similar restaurants will rush you & be somewhat rude when ordering.  The restaurant is also very clean with plenty of seating. Parking can be a bit tricky, but it's a must try & I know it will be my go to restaurant."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eunice K.', '4', "Nothing makes me happier than a broken rice plate. That fish sauce, rice, and the meat combo is heaven. I don't live close to this restaurant but I am willing to travel for this place. The restaurant is definitely a mom and pop shop in East San Jose. Parking is limited and gets quite cramped (be careful). However, I was always been able to find parking. The restaurant is traditional but don't base the food from the look of the place. They always provide a lot of food. ALWAYS bring CASH!  The big combos are a little too much for me so I always order the smaller plates. Their fried shrimp cakes are always good.  They also provide you a small bowl of soup!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cin C.', '5', "I came to Yelp this morning just to torture myself and look at photos of the combo plates and reminisce about the delectable morsels on each plate. I cannot believe that I have never written a review for my fav vietnamese restaurant.  I live on the east coast but go out of my way to come here whenever I am on the west coast. I literally plan this restaurant into my itinerary.  The combo plates are amazingly good and huge and reasonably priced. There's nothing bad that I can say about this place. The only bad thing is that it's not located in NYC! LOL."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Angel L.', '5', "Woah, what a delicious broken rice place!! We ordered #1 and #5 to go. It's our first time but we had to come here based on a personal recommendation and needed a take out spot. The sausage and meatball in both dishes were deliciously smokey from the charcoal. I could taste it even the next day. Super generous portions of everything. The dipping sauces were a nice season to the rice. You just can't get enough. I haven't experienced broken rice plate so wonderful in San Diego yet but now this makes me wanna go on a search in SD!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lynn R.', '5', "If you want some OG broken rice without the frills or over-priced dishes - this place is it. Simple, classic and hasn't ever disappointed me. Service is fast and typical of any Vietnamese place: they'll take your order and you won't wait more than 20 min for you food. Parking lot for this plaza is quite small and in deep South/East side of San Jose so be careful driving in and out of it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Robby T.', '5', "Probably the best Vietnamese food I've ever had! Definitely get the #1 or #2 combination! The portions are huge and the food tastes great! I loved the shrimp especially! I also had the Chinese herb tea which was lovely! They also accept credit cards. I don't know what her name was but the lady who helped us was so nice! She seemed like the owner, she was super generous and had great recommendations! I'll definitely be back!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lesley Y.', '4', "3.5  First time I've had pork and veggie rice spring rolls like this. 4 for the price...$6 for spring rolls and under $10 for the rice dish.  Good value and great flavours, portion size is big. A family run restaurant that deserves a chance. :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ruby C.', '5', "I was craving Vietnamese broken rice dish (Com Tam) and after scouring yelp to look for restaurants in San Jose, I found Com Tam Dat Thanh to be the most favored one. We arrived around 12:30 pm  on Sunday and the place was already packed. Luckily we only waited about 5 mins since the parties ahead of us were much larger. The service is pretty efficient -- shortly after we sat down, the waitress came and took our order and the food came out probably in less than 10 mins. The menu might look pretty extensive but it's really a few main options with many choices for add-ons: + Carb choice: broken rice, vermicelli + Protein: BBQ pork / chicken / shrimp / beef / beef ribs, shredded pork skins, or broiled meatball + Add-on(s): fried shrimp cake, grilled shrimp on sugarcane, egg cake **Definitely get the fried shrimp cake! Depending on how hungry you are there are options for multiple proteins such as porkchop & bbq shrimp or if you're really undecided and want to try everything then go for #1-7 on the menu. We selected the following two items on the menu which comes with a bowl of broth. The food was very delicious & it definitely hit the spot! #12 Rice w/ bbq porkchop & fried shrimp cake #13 Rice w/ bbq chicken & fried shrimp cake Btw, don't mistake the jug on the table for tea.. it's fish sauce! :P Parking lot is limited since there are many other stores in the plaza but circle around and you'll find something. Cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vy T.', '5', "BEST COM TAM PLACE IN SAN JOSE. ----------CASH ONLYYYY----------I am not a rice person (yeah, gasp away), so rarely would I even contemplate eating this dish when I'm around the distant, but glowing food province that is San Jose/ Little Saigon!!!!!! However, this place always stands out.. I took my visiting family here and they were all pretty impressed by the dishes. RECOMMENDATIONS (for non-viets/ first com tam eaters): - Are you just REALLY hungry? Is it your first time and do you want to try a bit of everything? GO FOR THE huge ass #7 ($15) w/ the Galbi beef. So very good and worth it. - Are you just hungry and don't have a huge appetite, but really wanna try the traditional spread that Saigon people usually eat? GO WITH NUMBER 56 ($10.45). Still very good sized portion (not as big as the combos...) and you'll have a lot of variety on your place hehe!!! Every dish also comes with a free bowl of clear vegetable broth/ soup:] hmmmm.. i love this place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linh P.', '5', 'Love this place when I want to eat com tam:) Came to his place many times. Ordered com tam with grilled chicken and sugar cane shrimp.  However, I notice that the good proportion has been reduced versus last year  Would I come back: yes']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Theresa Thao N.', '5', "This place is my go-to for yummy, authentic Vietnamese rice plates. The prices are reasonable and I recommend any combination dish 1-7. Their sauces are spot on and their spring rolls are my favorite. The waiting staff are also super nice and the bathrooms clean! I always get take-out for dinner because I know I won't be getting anything as good and authentic in San Francisco."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rod M.', '4', "Picked up a couple rice plates from this place and was not disappointed. Portions were a little small but knowing that going in perhaps we'd order a bit more next time. Also a bummer as well that's it's cash only. Additionally this parking lot gets packed so it may be hard for you to find parking!  Finally , they/or we ( takes two to tango ) messed up our order because it was lost in translation I suppose or because of the huge menu.  So: 1) small portions 2) cash only 3) packed parking lot 4) order by number for takeout since their menu is so large Despite all that four stars because it was pretty darn good and flavorful. I got the pork chop with pork skin plus rice cake and would definitely recco that to someone trying this spot for the first time."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kasey N.', '3', 'Consistently enjoyable :) my family and I have been coming here for years! Parking is pretty terrible as it is a small lot with time-restricted spots, but the food mostly makes up for it.  Broken rice is the dish of choice here, and any meat choice will please your tastebuds. I personally prefer the kalbi-style beef, grilled pork, and grilled shrimp for meat choices. An egg cake is a must, and pickled vegetables are served on the side. If you order in, then dishes are served with a clear broth (personally I think it was better seasoned in the past, but the current version is an adequate palette cleanser between bites)  Likely will return, but most likely will order out. Parking!! Ugh!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tina L.', '4', "I've been coming to this place since I was a little kid and just came back recently. It's a really great restaurant to grab Com Tam if you're in San Jose! Service is good for an Asian restaurant, but it can be a pain finding parking. Food is decently priced and is consistent.  Today I got number thirteen, which is broken rice with barbecue chicken and fried shrimp cake. It also comes with a little bowl of soup on the side. I noticed that they give huuuge portions of rice on each plate now and less meat. The barbecue chicken was full of flavor and so good! The fried shrimp cake is my favorite. It's super crispy and has lots of layers on the outside, and the inside is juicy and tastes great. The soup is a simple broth but it really brings the whole meal together.  Overall, this a great place to grab a hearty meal for lunch or dinner!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andrew T.', '4', "CASH ONLY!!! I've been coming here for over 15 years and this is probably my favorite place to go for broken rice. It's always safe to go with any of the items from the combination section. I use to get those but it is a lot of food. You are always given a complimentary soup with every plate. It's chicken broth with scallions. Nowadays I only go for the rice plates with either the pork chop or chicken and a shrimp cake. The quality of the shrimp cake has for sure gone down since the last time I've been. It looks like it is much slimmer and the meat wasn't pink like it usually is. Mine was kind of grey looking. I still ate it because I was hungry and a dumbass. Tasted fine. However, if you get the shrimp cake and it's not pink I would send it back and ask for another one. Aside from that their meat is fairly consistent. I LOVE the pork chop, I feel like that's the standard meat to get when getting com tam but I settled for chicken today, which is still a good choice. None of the meats are bad really. Good old Vietnamese comfort food."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Quynh N.', '4', "Pros: This is the very first com tam restaurant in San Jose, so it is one of the rare few legit com tam restaurants to dine at. When it first opened up, it was always busy and lines formed outside; however, with many Vietnamese restaurants opening up in San Jose, there are more competition. Yet Com Tam Dat Thanh still retains its savory and flavorful dishes. The price is average, but the portions are huge! The meat is not overly dry and the vermicelli rice noodles are not soggy. Also, one of the servers, who has been working there for more than 18 years, has amazing skills since he can carry up to 6 plates and 2 bowls at the same time! Wow! Also, he seems very friendly and nice -- always smiling when he greets the guests. Cons: Since it is cash only, for a gal who never carries cash, it is oftentimes inconvenient to have to ensure I carry enough cash when I want to dine here. Customer service is not as great as they do not come by to check up on you to make sure you are doing well. It seems that most Vietnamese restaurants operate similarly, so I'm pretty used to it by now."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jon H.', '5', 'Baller broken rice with huge portions. Bun was on point. Could have done without the shrimp. Pork was delicious, sweet, salty. The spring rolls with grilled pork was out of control. They actually will take credit card.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Scott L.', '4', 'My friend, who is Vietnamese, took me here and it was great. Never would have stumbled upon it without him. We had a combination of beef, BBQ chicken, pork chop, shrimp and shrimp cake. All were delicious. Don\'t be afraid to try them with with the fish sauce drizzled over. First time having "broken rice" - I\'m a fan even though I don\'t eat much rice in general.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tawn D.', '1', "I'm so disappointed with the food tonight.  This was my favorite place to get com tam but not anymore. I could taste the freezer burn on the food and the pork skins was not fresh either. The skewered shrimps were dry and hard. The portions were less than before but the price has definitely gone up. It looks good but it wasn't. I can say I can't come here anymore which makes me sad."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Trung H.', '3', '3.5 stars Came here with family and friends when we were in the neighborhood. - Parking: tough to get during lunch or dinner time. - Staffs/Cashiers: OK. - We came here for Special Rice Combinations of Com Tam Dat Thanh (Please refer to a snapshot for details). All dishes were decent good. - Price: a little pricey, but hey...we are talking San Jose (Silicon Valley) of California.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eva L.', '5', "I have a soft spot in my heart for hole in the wall restaurants. There's something so magical knowing that I am about to dive into a plate of homey goodness. Surprisingly, the staff were very nice and everyone had a smile on. What a lovely start to my meal.  I don't go to San Jose often, so I decided to treat myself and order the #2 combo ($13.95) so I could try a bit of everything. And wow- what a huge plate of food. Everything was delicious, from the bbq pork, pickled veggies, egg cake, shrimp cake, all the way to the shredded pork. I was more than happy that I I had enough food to split into two meals. The broken rice complimented the sides really well. Also, I loved that they had a huge bottle of fish sauce. Even though I didn't use much, it's nice to know that I can take shots of it if I wanted to. The only thing I didn't really like was the complimentary soup, maybe it's because it was so tasteless compared to everything else.  Overall, this meal was so comforting and heartwarming. :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Connie C.', '3', "Authentic dishes! Their menu was ENORMOUS! I only wish they had more pictures of their good. Actually come to think of it, there was no good pictures on the menus. There were a few on the wall though, which no one saw till we were done ordering. Food was yummy. Lowkey was expecting a little more taste wise and presentation.  The lady who took our order was unchill. Lol I don't know if it's just an old people Asian thing. We did come 30 min before closing, she looked tired. I guess the vibe I was getting was Uhm a bit unprofessional, and slightly rude?  I'd come here again but it probably wouldn't be my first choice ?"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hung H.', '5', 'Good food and reasonable price , this restaurant is the place to go. The Tau Hu Ky was tasty. The shrimps are good and so is the roast meat.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Liz L.', '5', "Best broken rice or Vietnamese food in general. I love my mom's but she Neva made no broken rice :p"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cathleen N.', '2', 'Although the amount of food was sparing, the quality and the taste of the food was disappointing. It lacked the kick needed for a mouthful of "yes, that\'s good." I am from Orange County and this restaurant is incomparable to Com Tam Thành off of Bolsa and Brookhurst. The soup lacked flavor and the grilled BBQ porkchop (suon nuong) as well as the egg cake (cha) did too. The quality of the rice was also not up to par, it tasted like old dried rice. I was unable to finish my plate, not because I was full, but because the taste of the food was not satisfying to my palette.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Emily C.', '5', 'I love all the rice dishes here! I strongly recommend trying one of the special combinations your first time here.  My favorites are the BBQ pork, BBQ pork chop, and the fried shrimp cake!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lily T.', '3', "This place isn't the same anymore. Parking use to be a bee, but the last several times have been easy peasy. There use to be a wait to eat or at least half the restaurant would be full, but now we get seated right away. The last time I went... my boyfriend and I were the only people there.  Since my bf has never been here, but has heard so much about it, we figured we could stop by for a late lunch. Service is what you would expect at most Asian restaurants in SJ... you ask they deliver, but don't expect too much.  We ordered a nem nuong cuon for appetizer and com tam suong, cha, tau hu ky (pork chop, pork cake, fried shrimp cake w/ broken rice) to share. First of all, portions are wayyyy smaller then before. Second, they no longer leave the pickled veggies out. They give you some one the rice plate, and you just have to ask if you want more.  Food is still good, but I feel there's better food being that it's SJ. There's many other places I'd rather eat if I'm going to drive all the way out there."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Maggy C.', '5', 'Love the broken rice, BBQ pork chop, shrimp cake, egg cake! This is one of my favorites!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Trang N.', '5', 'I see a big change under the new management. The BBQ Pork chop is so juicy, marinated perfectly, the fish sauce is perfect too. So Yummy!! Highly recommended.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michelle H.', '4', "The morning after St. Patty's day, my boyfriend and I were feeling malnourished and exhausted (aka we were hungover). We opted out of the normal pho routine and decided to try something different. Upon entering, we were greeted immediately; I could tell it was a family-owned establishment because all of the workers chatted amongst themselves as if at a family affair. Everyone greeted us with a smile and there was a sense of homeliness to the place. The food itself was pretty dang good. My boyfriend and I ordered the same rice plates (special #2, Com Tam Thit Nuong) which included broken rice with BBQ pork, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skins, egg cake, BBQ shrimp, and grilled shrimp on sugar cane. We opted for this well-rounded dish because we wanted a little taste of everything.  Pro: HUGE portion sizes!! It's easily more than enough to make my stomach explode, which is why I took more than half of it to-go. It's also affordable and every rice plate comes with a side of hot broth to wash it all down. Bonus: Unlimited fish sauce. Each table has its own bottle of it so sauce away to your heart's content. Same goes for the chili paste. Downside: CASH ONLY. Luckily, there is an ATM at the liquor store next door so no big deal.  If you haven't already, try this spot out!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Elaine C.', '5', "New place for com tam!  I came here this past weekend and really enjoyed the food. Parking is not too bad but only downside is that it's CASH ONLY...  Prices are decent for the amount of food you get. The food here is pretty bomb. I got the BBQ pork chop with shredded pork skin and egg cake.  Will be back to try other items off the menu!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Romeo K.', '4', "In A Nutshell: -Com Tam Dat Thanh is one of the OG com tam (broken rice) restaurants in San Jose. -What I really like about this place, is the large portion of food you get. -The pork chops are always moist and not too thick. -The broken rice is authentic broken rice, if you eat at enough com tam spots, you will know who's not using real broken rice. -The parking lot is a headache since it's so small, which is why I recommend you eat here on a slow day. Overall, if you drive down Tully Road near the McLaughlin don't be surprised if your nose picks up the wonderful fragrance of Com Tam Dat Thanh."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dickie R.', '4', "I Came To Eat Here For The First Time Last Week. I Ordered The # 31 Broken Rice, BBQ Beef, And BBQ Shrimp. It Was Really Flavorful, Just Wish The Beef Portion Wasn't So Small. Over All I Did Enjoy My Food And Will Return Again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Leslie Y.', '4', "I tell ya, don't judge a restaurant by its outside, it may look older, but this place knows how to make rice plates.... We ordered simply 2 rice plates, mine was pork chops and egg cake, my friends got the bbq pork..... We went at it like nothing else, it was good... Pork chops were thicker than anywhere in Oakland, I have had my fair share, and the flavors were there, no followed thirst from msg, which totally makes the difference...."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anne D.', '3', "The porkchop was really good. No doubt. I finished my whole plate! Tender, flavorful meat, grilled evenly. Decent amount. And the shrimp cake that came with my order was pretty good too! 3 stars only because the service needs improvement. It's not horrible service but it's definitely lacking. Also, the place needs a huge make over. Tons of clutter everywhere. No matter how clean any place is, If it's full of clutter, it's not as pleasing to eat."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Quang D.', '3', "This place has been my go-to spot for Com Tam, and I've eaten here with my family since I was a child. Recently, I came back with a friend at around 1ish for lunch, and I got the usual: Com Tam Thit Nuong Tau Hu Ky (Broken Rice with grilled pork and Fried shrimp cake). The portion was smaller than it used to be, and my shrimp cake had more wrapping than actual shrimp cake. Sad to say, I was still hungry afterward.  A note to management: Renovate your restaurant. It's the same since 2001. Accept credit and debit too."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Yen P.', '5', "WAH  WAH WAH! Their com tam is sooo goood! Reminds me of one of those small stalls in Vietnam that I used to eat growing up.  I got  #58. It has thit nuong (grilled pork) with BBQ shrimp, and fried shrimp cake. ($10.45) I didn't finish it because i actually had crawfish like 20 minute earlier down the street LOL. DUDE. THEIR GRILLED PORK AND FRIED SHRIMP CAKES ARE TO DIE FOR. omg the broken rice is also like perfect. Holy shit man. Take me back to fucking vietnam, seriously.  Cash only. Like vietnam. Heh"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rebecca L.', '3', "It's not what it used to be. The plates are smaller and the pieces of meat is in little pieces instead of the big slab of meat they used to give. The flavor is different than what I remember. I'm sad because this was my favorite place to get com tam and I've been coming here since I was a little girl but I don't think I will be returning. It seems like other people notice the difference too, as I came at noon on a Saturday and typically it is packed with a line out the door but there were plenty of empty tables. ):"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ben P.', '5', 'As my 14 year old puts it: Dat Thanh never disappoints! Now ( as of July 2018) accepting credit cards!! You come here for the best broken rice plate in town. My favorite is number 16 - BBQ short rib with shrimp cake. One of these day I will remember to ask the friendly staff about the flatten spoons and forks.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jess C.', '5', "Broken rice is off the chain!  Reasons why you  must visit: * Broken rice. Duh - so good. Incredible combo w/fish sauce and pickled veggies. * Juicy crispy huge Vietnamese deep fried shrimp rolls * Bottles of fish sauce self-serve, sooo good with the rice. * Perfectly seasoned BBQ pork and porkchop - I liked both, preferred the chop with rice because it was different. * Crunchy egg rolls in the bun.  * $4 for delicious, fresh, flavorful grilled pork spring rolls.  Wasn't a huge fan of the free soup, but this place is affordable, portions are large, and service actually comes with a smile! Cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kristine F.', '4', "This is a family favorite as we often purchase the cooked meats to warm up and eat for quick meals.  The lady at the counter is always so delightful.  She is warm, friendly and welcoming.  We pick up the grilled beef, BBQ pork, fish cake and the pickled daikon and carrots.   They are aware of my son's peanut allergies and always take very good care of us.  I know that the owner will go back to the kitchen to ensure that our food is safe."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Isabelle L.', '4', "I come here for the broken rice . They are really good and a lot of food on the plate too . I can't even finish my plate . Broken rice is one of my favorite and I am glad I came to this restaurant .  I will come back again when I am in town."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jake T.', '5', 'Been eating here since I was a kid. My one and only dish here is com tam: bi, cha, thi nuong, and op la. No other com tam place in town can top this.   Let me know if u do. Thanks.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'jonathan h.', '5', "WOW... definitely one of the best Vietnamese rice plates I've ever had,if you're ever in east San Jose check them out..."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stephanie C.', '5', "So much variety in their menu! If you are feeling hungry or just want to try everything on their menu, I'd recommend getting one of their combination plates on the top. It will give you the chance to try it all - I love the fried shrimp cake for sure. The pork on the sugarcane was just okay, but their egg and pork chop was pretty tasty. Eat it all with their fish sauce and you will surely be satisfied. The portions are HUGE, so I was able to make two meals out of it for $14.  Definitely recommend this place!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andrew C.', '4', 'I\'m a fan of cheap, delicious food and this place did not disappoint. The only disappointing thing? The parking lot. This isn\'t your fancy sit-down restaurant. It\'s your "I want good food, very quickly, at an affordable price, without any expectation of service" spot.  At the base of it all, there\'s broken rice. Then you can choose which meats/add-ons you want. I got combo #56? Which I believe had a well-seasoned and not dry pork chop, fried shrimp cake, and shredded pork. ~$10. More than enough food, comes with a side of soup. Definite winner here if you\'re in the area! As mentioned, try to go at an off hour -- the parking lot is madness.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mike D.', '1', "This is the worst broken rice restaurant! Meat are dry and not fresh ! Pretty piss that the owner doesn't recognize how nasty the food is ....."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kevin C.', '4', 'Ordered the BBQ chicken and egg cake broken rice dish. The chicken was marinaded well and the egg cake was just the right consistency giving it a nice juicy texture. The fish sauce was lacking a little. Slightly on the sweet side and slightly too salty. Ordered take out with some friends, the dishes look and taste great']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Adrian C.', '3', "Been here once for broken rice.  It was my first and last time trying it.  Didn't really like it.  But it's supposedly pretty authentic."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'James N.', '5', "I don't think I ever manage to get a com tam dish with so many items! Suon (grilled pork chop) - pretty juicy and marinaded well. The fat had a nice smoky accent to it. Bi (shredded pork) - standard fare. I think they could have seasoned it a bit more, but this usually just comes second to the suon. Cha (quiche) Chao Tom (shrimp paste around sugar cane) Tom Nuong (grilled shrimp) - surprised that I could get both. Tau Hu Ky (bean curd w/ shrimp) - so crispy and flaky. Op La (fried egg ordered on the side) - worth the extra cost. Managed to go when it wasn't too busy. There's a fish sauce container to the side. I tend to use a lot of fish sauce w/ my com tam. I'm surprised at how much of pork and shrimp there are on this dish. Overall, great bang for your buck. Two people probably could have split my dish, but it was so delicious that I wanted to finish it all."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Uyen t.', '5', "THE BEST Com Tam.  I tried many many other restaurants' version of this popular Vietnamese dish and this place consistently comes out on top in comparison.  Portion is a bit too large for me but some people prefer that.  Parking during lunch hour can be a pain, so go a bit later."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Minette H.', '4', 'I live in Evergreen and very close to ESSJ where the best Vietnamese restaurants live :) I pass by Com Tam Dat Thanh almost every day since my kids school is near by. When I pass by this spot, the aroma of grilling meat calls out to me! I finally decided to give it a shot and I\'m so glad I did. This place doesn\'t serve Pho, just rice plates. It would be nice if they did serve Pho, but I think in this case, this restaurant specializes in grilled proteins so it sticks to what it\'s good at. We stopped in on a Sunday night and we ordered a #57 - BBQ Pork Chops, BBQ Shrimp, Shrimp Cake, and Rice. And #31 - BBQ Beef, BBQ Shrimp, and Rice. Pickled pearl onions, holy hell those things are little balls of sweet and vinegary crispness and come with each dish. This is the first time I\'ve seen them on a rice dish at a Viet restaurant and it\'s amazing. I will crave them! This place doesn\'t skimp on the green onion too, which I love! The portions were generous, the prices were inexpensive, the service was friendly and efficient, and most importantly, the food was good. I can\'t say enough good things about this place. I plan to check-in here frequently :) As it is with many Vietnamese restaurants, this is a "Cash Only" spot.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Edwardson S.', '5', "One of Eastside San Jose's hidden gems for Cam Tam. This place has been here for decades now. Remembered coming when I was a little kid. The plates here are big and delicious. If you ever pass by Tully on a weekend and smell something good, thats them! They have a variety of things on the plate to fill you up. Can always come here if I want a big rice plate of delicious Vietnamese cusine!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stephanie D.', '5', "Favorite Com Tam place in San Jose!! The menu is so extensive, I got one of the smaller combos and was still super full! This place has a cozy family owned restaurant vibe. Personally, I would choose Com Tam Dat Thanh over Com Tam Thien Huong any day!! The BBQ plates are way larger, the meat portion is huge, and the price is cheaper! Even just parking the car at the parking lot, I could see the smoke from the bbq and already smell it. If that isn't convincing enough, my parents are both from Saigon and they told me the bbq here reminds them of their days back in Vietnam. If you're a usual Thien Huong customer, give Dat Thanh a try you won't regret it :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christine L.', '5', "Food was great. Pork and shrimp were tender and there's no wait during lunch time. Very close to dmv which was a plus! Owners were friendly and I would visit again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sandy K.', '5', "SO GOOD. I ordered the #1 and boyfriend got #2. They came with grilled shrimp, this meat cake thing with fried bean curd over it, shredded pork, egg cake, BBQ shrimp paste on sugarcane, and mine had pork meatballs on skewers (nem nuong)/ bfs had BBQ pork instead. I think the BBQ pork was better than the pork meatballs. All the com tam dishes come with a small bowl of soup to accompany the meal. A little inconvenient that they're cash only though, but parking in the plaza was easy. It may seem expensive at $14 a plate for the specials, but the portion sizes are huge and I was able to make two meals out of one order. I want to come back next time and try and nem nuong spring rolls, and the sign on the wall says they're $4 for 2!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Blue C.', '3', "Eggrolls are mediocre as best. Thai tea are from processed bottles or cans, they aren't made fresh. And Cash Only is my biggest pet peeves. The steak is good though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nathan N.', '2', "I used to love going to this restaurant as a kid but after I came back a few weeks ago from years away I was pretty disappointed at how far the quality has dropped.  Ambiance: This place like most Vietnamese restaurants has remodeled over the decade to be more spacious and modern.  There's plenty of seating although it can still get busy and packed during rush hours.  Standard feeling as far as Viet restaurants go.  You are pretty much left to your privacy after you order your food to enjoy your meal.   Food: I ordered the number 1 special which has a combination of grilled pork, egg cake, shredded pork, shrimp paste wrapped in fried tofu skin, grilled shrimp and grilled sugar cane shrimp skewer.  The food was cold as soon as it hit the table which was incredibly disappointing to me because my girlfriend and I came in when they were still fairly empty.  The fish sauce I used was pretty flavorless compared to other com tam places I've been to making my dish cold AND flavorless.  Its a shame to see such an old school iconic Vietnamese restaurant fall far from where it used to be.   Service:  Standard Asian restaurant service.  You sit down, order, eat and pay. Overall Experience: Pretty disappointed that this place has gone down so much in quality because I used to love going here when I was a kid.  I guess I'll enjoy my com tam at Thien Huong now."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jennifer N.', '5', "*Cash only!* FOOD - Com Tam Ga Nuong Bi Tau Hu Ky: grilled chicken, shredded pork, and shrimp tofu over a bed of broken rice and a side of cucumbers, lettuce, carrots, and daikon. It also comes with a side soup. The chicken is tender and flavorful. I like the crunchy, flakey shrimp tofu. They give a good amount of rice and plentiful meat. 5/5 SERVICE Not the friendliest staff but we got in and out without any complaints. 3/5 FINAL THOUGHTS This is my fave spot for com tam! My tummy always leaves happy! Their food is consistently good. My dad likes this place because they don't skimp on meat."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Derek S.', '4', "Came by for for a weekend brunch the other day and it was surprisingly empty right when they opened with plenty of seating available. Ordered the #79 with grilled pork and fried shrimp cake and it was delicious. There was plenty of very fresh and flavorful grilled pork along with a meaty shrimp cake that was fresh. The bed of vermicelli was decent too. There's an entire container of fish sauce to use too! The soup was rather bland on this visit though... ~$10 after tax and tip for brunch. Cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Trang D.', '2', "The last time I came was more than a decade ago and the place was a very well known among Vietnamese community back then. Checked them out again 2 days ago and boy their food was tasteless. The portion was notably smaller, the meat was skimpy and the shrimp stick was mushy to the point it was almost inedible. That's it. We ain't coming back. There's a reason why the place is pretty empty now even on a weekend."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Miss Bonnie B.', '3', "Not what it used to be... and it's a bit dirty. My friend posted on FB that there was a roach. It's a shame as this was a go to spot for Com Tam plates."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hang H.', '5', "The best com tam in San Jose! It's so much better than Thien Huong! I love love love this place so much!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'David S.', '5', 'Been coming to this spot for over 17 years.  This is the place that always puts a smile on your face. The place gives you that homey feeling, the taste of tradition. Its not fancy, just a regular sit down place and the food is super good. They stayed true to the flavor, true to the recipe and the food you taste today will pretty much be the same taste since the first day you visited.    We usually get the egg rolls as appetizer (best in town) and grab one of the combo (BBQ Beef or BBQ Pork is my got choice), and add an extra fried egg on the top. BAM!  Their soup is always hot, and the fish sauce is super delicious.   Highly recommended.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thomas S.', '5', 'We arrived here Saturday August 26, 2017 at 11:45AM to try a different Vietnamese place. The decor is sparse. The parking is tight. The location is close to 101 so it is easy to get to. The food was excellent. We especially enjoyed the fish cake, which had a crispy exterior.  The pork chops were cooked perfectly. We really enjoyed the container of fish and vinegar sauce on each table. No need to ask for more. We will be back!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vanessa K.', '2', 'I get that this place is affordable, BUT THERE ARE SO MANY DIFFERENT COM PLACES THAT ARE BETTER! The portion sizes are big, I guess and the price point matches. However, the quality is lacking, and I rather pay a little more for better quality. You can really tell the quality of the cuts of protein that they use. The rice is also not "broken rice" or not the good variety. I also have a complaint of the sugarcane shrimp, which seemed to have more fish paste than shrimp - the consistency was off. Service is not the greatest which may explain the price point.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Brenda L.', '5', 'My family loves to order take out from here! It is $22 for 2 pounds of grilled chicken + $1 for side of large fish sauce. You can order any of the meats a la carte. 2 lbs of chicken is plenty of meat to feed around 10 people. We like to eat it with banh hoi, green onion and other vegetables. It is some of the best chicken in town!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sarah L.', '3', 'Nothing to write home about. Decent broken rice place. For thit nuong, com tam thien huong is still better. Shrimp based stuffs are okay']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Fong L.', '5', "Coming before the crowd at noon was great. I was a bit worried when my food came out turbo fast, less than 2 minutes.  It was excellent, only wish the pork chop was made to order.  It was cold, but fully cooked and tasty.  I don't like that much sauce though and prefer more grilled taste.  The egg cake and pork skin and rice all A+ just as I ate growing up. p.s. Found it amusing white couple came in mistaking place had pho.  If they read Yelp they'd have known.  Felt bad they didn't know and they left.  Wished they had known broken rice is a Viet fav!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Astrid Z.', '5', "Forever the best rice plates in town, but I always gravitate towards the bún.  Food: So many rice plate and bún combos to choose from to satisfy even the pickiest of eaters. I  tend to order the BBQ Chicken, since I'm not a big fan of Pork. The menu is limited in chicken options, but it's available if you ask. I've tried pork and beef off other peoples plates and both meats are extremely flavorful and well-marinated. Their chicken is my favorite in the South Bay, charred and crisp on the outside and succulent and packed with flavor on the inside. The sugarcane shrimp is worth trying, so plump/juicy and grilled to perfection, it comes off of the sugarcane easily and I usually like to wrap it in lettuce and dip it in fish sauce. Chew on the cane afterwards for some refreshing juice! The crispy shrimp cake is also amazing, flaky, crunchy, moist and bursting with sweet/savory shrimp juices. So good! The ratio of noodles to veggies is a bit off, I'd like more veggies and less noodles, but that's my personal preference. If you ask them to do that for you, they certainly do it without hesitation. Service: I do a lot of tinkering with my orders and no complaints ever, good service! They're very attentive to customers. Be nice to them, they'll make your tummy happy! Price: Reasonable, under $10 for most plates, if not all. Ambiance: Older hole-in-the-wall family-owned restaurant. It's simple and I like it. It gets really busy, especially during dinner time when families unite, however service is quick and you'll be in/out in no time. Overall: Likely my favorite Viet restaurant in the South Bay. I highly recommend this place to anyone/everyone wanting rice plates, but also venture out and try the bún or other items on the menu."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gina S.', '4', "Amazing price for yummy portions! The only downside was cash only, if you're desperate there is an atm nearby luckily. I just wished they had a cash only sign outside.  The price is well worth it! We both got broken rice dishes with pork chops, and they definitely don't skimp, it was moist and well seasoned. I also thought the soup given on the side was yummy, right amount of sweet and salty, just like their giant bottle of nuoc mam, well done!  Service could be better, but its a little asian place so it's expected lol. We had to ask for water numerous times and thats okay Overall, price and portions are great! Bring cash!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mike P.', '4', 'I came into Com Tam Dat Thanh (abbreviated hereon as CTDT, for my fingers\' sake) with high hopes.  Sketchy East San Jose location?  Check.  Packed full of Vietnamese people?  Check.  Highly reviewed by Yelpers?  Check and check.  Yet somehow... CTDT failed to live up to the hype :( What\'s good, though, is good: they have *huge* portions, their rice is in fact, very broken, and their spring rolls are one of the best I\'ve had in a long time -- crispy on the outside, a mess of molten veggies and pork on the inside - delicious.  Their portions are extremely generous too, despite pushing the $10 point; a crispy shrimp cake is easily the size of your palm, and the fish cake + sugarcane combo, which I\'m used to being maybe 2 inches and covered in a thin layer of fish cake, was actually about six, and covered in a massive roll of said fish cake.  Amazing-ness.  Oh yeah, and soup.  But you knew that, right? However, I don\'t REALLY understand the hype about their "amazing" grilled meats.  I ordered the pork, which I felt was pretty standard, but it was surprisingly dry and sad considering everyone elses\' reviews.  My friend who ordered the vermicelli was the same way, though hers\' was slightly better, so I know they can do it better.  Maybe I should have gotten the chicken, or beef ribs?  I\'d put them down as a solid 3.5, but since I\'ll be back, I\'m giving them the benefit of the doubt this time.  Still, I\'d like to see a bit more care in their grilling :( --- sweet: huge portions, excellent fried food bitter: pork a bit dry, and no amount of fish sauce could save it :(']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'H M.', '5', 'Grreat, simple, and inexpensive eats. Friendly mom and pop place. Avoid the cafe sua da, Its in the sweet side.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Arnold G.', '5', 'very tasty food. very good service. 5 stars. no othe comments']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vicky L.', '4', "Combination broken rice FTW! I'm a huge carbaholic and when I found out through Yelp that there was a rice restaurant that had 4 stars, we definitely had to go check it out. The bottles on the table are not tea but fish sauce. The combination is the way to go with the yummy grilled pork chop, fried shrimp roll, shredded pork skin.... MMMmmm! I doctored the fish sauce up with a bit more sugar and hot sauce. SOOOOOOOO good! Parking is a pain in the a$$ but if you can get a parking spot this place is well worth the circling!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nancy D.', '5', "Still the best place for rice plates. They don't over charge you like some of the newer places"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Betty C.', '5', "Honestly, I've been here a few times and this is my favorite com tam place! The staff is friendly, and the portions are well worth! Not only is the food delicious, but it is very filling! The only downside it that it's a cash only place, but I think it's worth the trip to the bank to pull out some cash!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amy T.', '4', 'God damn Com Tam!  Com Tam basically stands for "broken rice" in Vietnamese.  I\'ve heard so many good things about this place for their Com Tam that I had to try it for myself. And if my mom loves this place AND my Vietnamese boyfriend then you know it\'s freaking good.  Com Tam is located in a small small plaza with limited parking spaces. I usually get lucky with a parking spot so I suggest you come around a good time :) Service here is quick as well! I decided to take my mom here for Mother\'s Day because she was craving Com Tam and this ended up to be the place to go! She instantly fell in love. My mom is a picky eater and she usually loves Asian food (of course...) so I wasn\'t as hesitant in taking her here :) It was either go big or go home and oh we went big alright! My mom and I both ordered a Special Rice Combination plate which has a choice of your meat and it comes with everything else they have...Fried Shrimp Cakes, Shredded Pork Skins, BBQ Shrimp, and Grilled Shrimp on Sugarcane. We ended up splitting our meats because we wanted to try both :) Everything tasted sooooo damn good.  The second time I came with the bf and he loved it as well! So far I\'ve tried their Broiled Meatballs, BBQ Beef, and their BBQ Beef Ribs. I think I will try their pork next time :P So far I fell in love with their BBQ Beef Ribs :) I definitely suggest this place for good Com Tam! Their Special Rice Combination is a bit pricey (~$14/$15) but if you want a smaller plate with a few of their sides then those are around $9/$10. I recommend just getting their combo plates since you can try everything they have; gotta have the full experience ;) Plus they give you A LOT of food (bowl of soup comes with every plate) and I didn\'t even end up finishing it (I\'m a fatass too).  Come here if you are hungry for Com Tam :D ***BTW, CASH ONLY!!!*** (which kinda sucks) Overall: 4.5 stars']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jessica Y.', '3', "I came here on a Saturday afternoon with my bf and his brother. I ordered the beef short rib plate with egg cake and shredded pork skin (#40 I believe). They give you nice soup/broth to start your meal. Flavors were great and definitely satisfied my craving for broken rice. However, the beef short ribs were disappointing- I had 8 short rib pieces, but 5 of them were mostly fat and inedible. l hope to come back to try the BBQ beef or pork- hopefully it's more meat than just fat on bones. The egg cake was delicious. The fried shrimp cake looked delicious (I'm allergic, but my bf said it was good). Food was plentiful and service was quick. Cash only!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Guest U.', '3', 'Dropped by for lunch.  The service was average and so was the food.  I had the combination plate with bbq chicken.  I also ordered the spring roll with the sweet pork / rolled and fried wonton skin inside. It too was just average.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ter L.', '3', "Three stars. I reaLLy wanted to give them a higher rating but... there is just one thing I can't get over..... Sure the Com Tam Dat Thanh's aroma is amazing- inside and out, they offers you a reaL bang for your buck, and the food is tasty as heLL... BUT!!!! I aLways have to worry about the cLeanLiness.  On a handful of occasions, my rice pLate came fuLLy Loaded with HAIR!!!! Gross right?!! I thought it was just an off day so i Let it sLide. When it becomes a reguLar thing,  thats when i draw the Line.  This used to be my go-to spot whenever i had cravings but i'll save me the grief and just eat over at Com Tam Thien Huong. It may be a bit more expensive and i dont get as much food but at Least its CLEAN & DELICIOUS."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jimmy L.', '1', "Don't even bother coming to this place anymore. They reheat their food, I had to feed it to my dogs, the shrimp cake was under cooked! Waste of time and money and I am still hungry, since that under cook shrimp cake really spoiled my appetite. Plus they reheat their food, it was a very sad experience. I regret coming to try this place for nostalgia.  You are better off at Com Tam Thien Huong, where you get better quality."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Elenne V.', '4', 'Nice hole in the wall that offers amazing broken rice and you gotta have the pork chops. Nothing fancy but the food and price is right.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rukus H.', '5', 'My second time here, came back because the food was good a pricing was fair and this visit did not disappoint. Brought my Thai wife for the first time and she liked it a lot as well, we will be back']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Le M.', '4', "Food tastes good (I usually order #11). However, the soup tastes sour therefore I'm guessing they left it over night outside."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kimberly C.', '3', '3.5* I went 2mo ago and brought my parents for the first time. We came around 1pm and my parents were served old bbq chicken! I should have complained but then again,  bits of dark meat is cheap.  They should know better. I tried a piece and it was hard as if it was sitting out for 3 hours or more.  Fortunately my usual order of bbq pork chop was still tasty.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ken K.', '5', 'Came to this place based on recommendation from some local vietnamese... The food was absolutely amazing!!! I had one of the rice dishes with the BBQ pork chop, and the pork was so wonderfully smoky and delicious.  I was dining with some vietnamese friends, and they said it reminded them of home, of vietnam, and made them happy. This place is a must try!!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sharon L.', '4', "Best rice plate place. EVER!!!!!!  Giant portions!!! One plate is 2 meals for me.. a win already. All the meat and seafood ontop of the broken rice are cooked deliciously. Very good portions of everything. Still good after you save it.  Service is meh, but cant expect too great at a place like this, the food speaks for itself!  The only reason why I'm giving a four star is because sometimes after eating here, I'm left super thirsty. Worth! but maybe they use a buttload of MSG..  And because its CASH ONLY!  a few plates can rack up! (I take one to go to bring home to my parents in SF) so if they started taking card... mucho appreciated. They need to open one in SF!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ronny Y.', '3', 'Been on a broken rice craving so I figured I stopped by here for lunch given the popular ratings. Surprisingly, it was quite empty during lunch hours. I ordered one of the riceplate combos. This is my first time going to a restaurant that serves fried shrimp cake (yummy). The food came out in less than 10 minutes. The grilled meat I got tasted pretty good with the sauce they used. Fried shrimp cake was average. My major disappointment was the broken rice (supposingly star of the dish). It was super dry as if someone left it out in the open and gave it to me. Overall, the food was good but perhaps it was an off day because the rice was dry.  Cash only !']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Steven T.', '5', 'Great food, fast and at reasonable price.  I come here for rice plate when in San Jose.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tristan D.', '5', "Honestly has the best rice platters I've ever had aside from my mom's and grandma's. The portions are insane and you will definitely have enough for another meal. Service is vastly better than most Vietnamese restaurants and the state of cleanliness is shockingly excellent. I would come here more if traffic wasn't heinous. Love it will be back soon."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Quan D.', '2', "The owner needs to hide more employees. I see two men got to do all the tasks at the restaurant. Feel sooty for them. The servers don't want to look around because so many demand from customers.  Hire more employees to serve customers Please"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Suzie Q.', '4', 'Com Tam Dat Thanh has a parking lot! parking space was all taken at bout 10:00 am on sunday wen we came. Had in mind the restro must b busy but wen we walked inside, theres no one? I was feeling a lil worried food wont b good. Then came to mind, it is only 10:00am on a sunday, mayb ppl at church? or sleepin?  anyways, service was great n quick as well. I realli enjoyed my bowl of bun thit nuong w eggroll. loved the crispy eggroll, good flavor too. the fried shrimp cake is so crispy n tasted ok, I realli like the fried shrimp cake at com tam tien huong betta tho, as well as the egg cake. The portion seem much more here tho, too much for me. Overall, we had a good meal. :-)  The owner was so kind to me. I didnt know its a CASH ONLY restro! I was short few dollars :-( he say its ok. I felt too bad n say I go bank n come back. He say its really ok. I say thanks. Wen I walked outside I saw an ATM inside a liquor store nxt door. Went there n got cash n came back to pay wat I owe plus tips. The quality of food is 5 stars for me, but I realli hate CASH ONLY restro. I agreed wit Tram, also limit me going to places tat dun accept credit card!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenifer L.', '3', "I am a little curious on how this place has 4 stars on yelp. I took my parents here over the weekend just for a quick lunar new years lunch. We walked in around 1030 and the place was pretty empty, but that's understandable since it was lunch time just yet. We were seated and provided a menu. They have a vast com tam menu with many different types of meats.  I really wanted to try the tau hu ky as that is one of my favorites for com tam. I ended up ordering the nem nuong, bi, and tau hu ky. The meat and ta hu ky looked awesome. My nem nuong appeared to be grilled perfectly. However, the look was definitely deceiving. The nem nuong was actually really firm and it lacked seasoning. They packed the nem nuong too tight that the meat itself did not have a bouncy texture. It really didn't have any taste, so I can't describe what it tasted like. As for the tau hu ky, that was a disappointment as well. The filling was also tasteless. In all, my com tam wasn't as I expected after reading the many great yep reviews about this place. The only good tasting option for com tam was the cha. The cha was seasoned well  soft, and had a good ratio of egg vs meat. I'd definitely order the cha if I ever come back. Maybe even try the thit nuong. The soup they give you is tasteless as well. No flavor whatsoever. Probably watered down chicken broth.  The service is good here. The waiter was nice and so was the cashier. Do keep in mind that it is CASH ONLY!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tung D.', '5', "Good food. Good portion. Free bowl of soup. My favorite is the Shrimp Cake, Grilled Pork Chop, and the Egg Cake. I would say it's not exactly authentic Com Tam, because in Vietnam they don't put that much food in a plate lol. And the flavor in Vietnam is a little different. Still Com Tam Dat Thanh is very good. So, not authentic, but good."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Doug C.', '5', 'Rice plates and noodle bowls with a protein chicken pork or beef. Specialty is fried shrimp cake good value rice plate w protein and salad is $8 then u can add shrimp cake or other items for about 1.50 each. Broken rice has different texture than steamed full grain rice worth a visit. These resraurants are only in fremont or east sj. Not on the peninsula. Closer to home style vietnamese food. Good for ppl who like pfchangs also because lots of their dishes are sweet Family owned cash only']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vy N.', '4', 'This used to be go to place to get com tam. I remember driving around that area and start getting hungry by the scent of the meat there.  Yumm. I also remember how the meal would taste amazingly good, but later on I realized that the com tam became dry and whenever I pass by the area the scent is all plain...']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andrew D.', '1', 'Dirty place.  Com Tam  Korean BBQ is a joke. All i got is fat with little meat. Cash only. As expected service sucks.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'MandP H.', '3', "Got the porkchop combo rice plate. The egg noodle (not sure what it's called but was like a quiche) was very good. I also really liked the bi, even though I normally don't eat it at other places. The side soup is also nice because it's not too salty.  I also ordered the nem nuong goi cuon. The sauce compliments the nem nuong well, which has a cinnamon taste to it. I liked that it also had the crispy rice roll in it so that gave it a nice crunch. Recommend that."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Katia K.', '4', "Really great food. Loved their #24 & shaking beef (can't remember what number it was) Good portions for the price!  The parking, restaurant environment and customer service weren't amazing, but the food made up for that. Will be returning again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dat N.', '5', 'Hands down....the best and authentic  com tam you can get in the Bay Area.  Their grilled pork is juicy and flavorful, not dried as many other places.  Highly recommended.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jennifer T.', '4', "I love this place so much (biased because I've been coming here since my day 1 but it's pretty spot on anyway)!!!  When my family comes here, we usually order a combo dish that has broken rice, BBQ pork, steamed egg cakes, fried shrimp cake, and more of this shredded pork thing (translating this was so hard for me okay I suck the only language I am well-versed in is munch crunch crunch) and it's so satisfying. The food is consistently good and so flavorful.  This all comes with fish sauce and a bowl of soup too!  The service is pretty spot on, I guess? You get your food almost immediately and can easily flag down a server if you need something else. Like all restaurants, though, it may take some time during dinner hours.  Because the economy sucks, I know that prices are a little higher now and the portions are smaller. I still can't finish a whole fish by myself though so it's not like you're being fed a haute French cuisine's typical portion of food!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lucinda Y.', '4', 'Delicious and fresh rice plates. Love their fish sauce and nem nuong.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Susan M.', '4', 'This place has super good rice dishes. I love the crispy shrimp cake and the grilled shrimp on sugarcane. I normally get the bbq pork with either of the shrimps and it is plenty of food! This place also has bo luc lac (not sure I spelled it right) but otherwise known as "shaking beef" dish and it\'s delicious! The beef is super tender and delicious and it comes on top of a bed of salad and tomatoes with grilled onions. It is also accompanied by a plate of rice cooked with a tomato paste (super good!).  I also got the bun rieu here which is a noodle  soup dish with crab meatballs and tomatoes. Also very good! The shaking beef dish and the bun rieu are on a secret menu they have that u need to ask for.  Most people come here for the rice dishes so that\'s all they know, however if you\'re in the mood for something else, ask for the other menu! Definitely worth it.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Victor T.', '4', "A very good friend of mine was visiting the Bay Area for a conference and wanted to have lunch on Saturday. Thinking that we're eating in San Jose, why not get Viet food? And especially Com Tam (broken rice). Nom Nom... With this suggestion, he was more than happy to go to Com Tam Dat Thanh since it was going to satisfy a craving of his.  Location: We arrived at Com Tam Dat Thanh where it was located in a small plaza. The parking lot is fairly tight, but we got lucky and had a spot which was actually reserved for customers of the restaurant. If you want to make your life easier, just reverse park your car. It'll make it a breeze to get out later. Overall, decent location with decent parking. There isn't much else in the plaza, so you'd probably have to drive somewhere else if you're looking for dessert. Unless you like Hawaiian Shaved Ice, there's a big sign for that across the lot.  Service: For a Vietnamese restaurant, the service is really good. There are probably three servers running the floor. The person who served us was great, very nice and actually brought more water immediately after I asked for it.   Presentation: Oh man... the presentation of the broken rice dish just makes it look so appetizing. I ordered the Com Tam Suong Nuong (BBQ Pork chop), Bi (shredded pork skin), Cha (egg cake), Tau Hu Ky (Fried Shrimp Cake) (apologizes for the lack of accent marks). This is my standard order every time I have Com Tam. When the plate arrived, the food looked like it was cooked by someone with a lot of experience. See below pictures for a better understanding of what I mean.  Taste: The food overall was delicious. The egg cake was spot on, probably my favorite part of the dish. The friend shrimp cake was great, the skin was crispy. You can hear the crackle as you cut into it. The BBQ pork chop was only so-so though. It was a bit overcooked, which made it tough and the piece I got had bone right in the middle, made it fairly hard to eat.  Overall, great dish. I finished everything... Good thing I went to the gym that morning.  Price: The plate that I got was $10.45 plus tax, which can out to be $11 something. I left $2 dollars and change for tip, so total was $14, which isn't too bad. No the cheapest broken rice plate I've had, but hey, it was very tasty, so worth it. **CASH only, so remember to bring cash.  Final Verdict: This is a must try for Com Tam. I know there are a ton of places in the South Bay to grab Com Tam, but I'm sure this place would be in the Top 3 for most people. Four Star review due to the BBQ pork chop not tasting up to par with what I expected for a good quality Com Tam restaurant. Will definitely come back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sherry C.', '5', 'I love Vietnamese rice plates and so glad to have found this place! For the most part many places I have gone to do not offer such myriads and combinations of what you can get on one plate. This place has it all and I got the exact rice plate combination I have always wanted and the price is also easy on the eyes and wallet. Other than the grilled shrimp which was a tad dry, the pork chop and the fried shrimp cake was outta this world! The fried shrimp cake is probably the tastiest and most succulent shrimp cake I have had compared to other restaurants I have ordered from.  The soup that came with the rice plates which my family has coined it as the "MSG soup" was actually quite tasty without being overly salty.  I am so thankful for the Vietnamese community here in San Jose which allows the existence of so many wonderful Vietnamese restaurants such as this one that offers such tasty rice plate options. Cash only but worth every penny!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Judi M.', '3', "I know this place is authentic because every time I have come in, the crowd is mostly Vietnamese. My uncle swears by this place and since it was around the corner from my place, I had to try it out. I LOVE spring rolls. Their fresh and fried rolls are fantastic. I'll come in just for them. However, what CTDT does well is their grilled items. You can smell all the wonderful grilled food when you drive by this place. While I've loved all the grilled items I've had here (pork, chicken, beef & shrimp), the standout for me is the pork chops. They're easy to over grill, but at CTDT, they are always done perfectly.  Their menu is also really extensive and features items I don't usually see in other restaurants. My friends had to give me a tutorial so that I would go beyond my comfort zone and order dishes I've never tried before. I really liked the tiny vermicelli, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin and egg cakes. I've been eating Vietnamese food for years and have never had these. I've been missing out on so much! While I really like the food, there are a few things which I wish could be better. First off, they take cash only. I NEVER have cash so coming here can't be a spur of the moment decision.  Secondly, they close promptly at 8 pm. I'm a late eater and there have been a few times when I've shown up and they've just closed. :( Plus, they're closed on Tuesdays. Third, parking can be a pain. The lot is small and is shared with other busy businesses. If there are no spots in the lot, there are no other options unless you want to walk far. Lastly, service consists of them taking your order and serving your food. If you're okay with that, it's cool. But it's a pain to flag someone down for water or additional items. All in all, I would come back if I'm in the area. The grilled food and spring rolls make a return trip worthwhile."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bria S.', '4', "I REALLY like this place as they're very generous with their portion sizes. My boyfriend and I had a mid-week date night and he really liked the food as well. I ordered a BBQ Shrimp/BBQ Beef Combo Rice plate. Definitely had enough for dinner the next day. Would love to go back again whenever I'm craving AUTHENTIC Vietnamese.It was nice to re-visit this place as I haven't been here in years. Fresh food, decent prices, chill atmosphere (for a Wednesday night).  Quick Tip: I think they're CASH ONLY just as an FYI :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Antonio W.', '4', "It can be hard to decide which com tam shop is best with so many options in the San Jose area but for me, the choice is clear Com Tam Dat Thanh FTW!  I usually have a hard time deciding what type of rice plate to get, but at this place its not a problem because they have combination plates that let you get EVERYTHING in one plate! and it's not just the variety that keeps me coming back the food is really good. The meats are tender and well seasoned, the shrimp cake are crunch on the outside and not too oily, and the vietnamese meatloaf is on point, its so light and fluffy it feels like you're eating a cloud of ground pork. & if all the food is not enough you can add a fried egg for $1.  Hit up this place next time you're craving rice plate and you will NOT be disappointed."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Laurie W.', '5', 'Affordable, big portion and delicious... do i need to say more? You get wide variety of meat/protein, broken rice for roughly 15 bucks...enough for 2 people really.  And every dish comes with soup...how can you say no!?!? They used to have shallots but what happened to them?!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'W W.', '5', "This place has been bookmarked for the longest time and hubs said it was good and he was right. We got the combo rice plate and almost everything was on point! That rice tho!  we also order nem nuong but I didn't care for it. I have yet to find those rolls as good as brodards. Would definitely come back for the rice plates. Service was so so but I don't expect much at Asian restaurants. And their parking lot is small."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Yannie S.', '4', "Whenever you drive pass this place on Tully the aroma of the bbq just pulls you in.  Vietnamese broken rice, so delicious, so irresistible! I've always been in love with Com Tam Dat Thanh and they know how to do com tam right! The thit nuong is always so tasty! Nem nuong could do a little better, but it's still good! The best nem nuong does come from SoCal IMO, so I'm not going to complain too much. And who could forget...BI I LOVE THAT STUFF. It's like crack to me. I also really love that they just have a bottle of fish sauce out for you and you can tailor it to your own liking.  This is exactly how I'm feeling right now...just thinking about my last visit here... YUMMMMMMMMM! The only gripe I have about coming here is that parking can be a pain in the a** since it's in such a small plaza!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chris M.', '1', "Was very, very disappointed with the food.  Based on the 4-star rating I was ready for some bomb food.  Nothing tasted fresh, and both our water cups were dirty on the inside.  I ordered a #21.  The beef was ok, but the sugarcane shrimp and shrimp cake tasted reheated.  Wouldn't comeback."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kenny N.', '4', "I ended up ordering a 56. Not sure if there was another variation of my dish with a different meat than BBQ Pork Chop, which wasn't bad, but just inconvenient to eat because it was massive and had bones, and covered most of my rice. Shrimp cake, egg cake, and shredded pork were good though.  I probably would have went with the #2 but I don't really care for any BBQ shrimp.  Also tried Nem Nuong Cuon which was good. The peanut sauce didn't really taste like anything to me, but they had a rolled up egg roll skin in there which gave it a crunch. Side of soup took a while to come out, and my water was never refilled unfortunately. Driving here wasn't as painful as I was expecting. Tully is a lot more different than Story. My favorite broken rice plate place in Milpitas closed down so I've been trying to find a new one. All the local ones that opened near me don't have as good reviews so I'm a little weary to try them. Craving satisfied :). Parking was a bit rough."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cynthia M.', '5', 'Exactly what I was craving when I stopped by here. I order the com with thit nuong and bbq shrimp. Everything was perfectly cooked. I would definitely recommend coming here.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amanda C.', '3', 'Came here for dinner before he dinner rush at 5pm. Each order comes with a complimentary soup that they charge 50 cents a bowl for to-go! I got the vermicelli noodles with fried eggrolls and pork - generous portions but lacks flavor. This place is known for their rice plates so I should have ordered the rice plate instead :/ the rice grains are smaller (which I like) and the options they have with the rice plates are delicious. The fried crab pieces were so good, especially in order #3 that my boyfriend had. Fish sauce is also yummy, but watch out on getting it on your hands or self, the smell will stay for awhile haha.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tran N.', '5', 'This com tam was awesome! The restaurant reminds me of Vietnam and the taste is very authentic. My favorite broken rice place now.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lang N.', '4', "A couple of my friends don't find this place to be very authentic, but I don't know how else it could get any better though! I always get their Com Tam Suon Bo Dai Han, Tom Nuong & Tau Hu Ky, douse it all in fish sauce and gobble the entire meal down. It may be a little bit on the oily side for some, but to me, its perfect. My family also all prefer to eat here for Com Tam and that hasn't changed no matter how many other places we have eaten at. If my review doesn't convince you, take a drive over to their place. Just the aromas emitting from their restaurant will make you change your mind!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amanda V.', '3', 'What a treat! I opted for #18, rice with shrimp cake and rolled sugarcane with grilled shrimp. It was my first for both, which was cool. The shrimp cake was flaky, the sugarcane shrimp slightly crunchy on the inside. $9 and it was a massive plateful (seconds, anyone?) Overall a pleasant visit. Note: cash only but an ATM is seconds away.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John T.', '3', "I come by here almost every other week to buy my rice plate for the family. Their portion are good enough to split into two. But I somehow am able split into three way, because my kids don't eat too much. The reason for three star is that the meat that they serve are not that hot when it comes out, or sometime borderline cold. It don't bother me too much cause i usually take out and if it's cold I would nuke it. The flavor for the meat is not that flavorful anymore compare to Com Tam Thien Huong which has more flavor but smaller portions. The price is ok because everything else is going up."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sherry W.', '4', "Delicious broken rice and true to its name and reputation, the vermicelli was not as outstanding. It seemed more bland and I wished for peanut sauce, but I didn't think that was an option. Their grilled meat and especially the shrimp is delicious! I did not enjoy the shrimp paste and found the texture to be weirdly chewy compared to other places I've had them at."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Melissa G.', '2', "I went and got the #33 BBQ ribs and BBQ shrimp the rice plate. It was all rice the meat wasn't even close to a handful. I'm disappointed I was looking forward to this all day. The meat had tons of fat and it was a waste. Last time I go here"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christina T.', '4', "broken rice places FTW, get the big plates with everything on it. It's fast and its delicious!  Cash only!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Wiseley F.', '5', 'As me and some of my friends say, this is the only broken rice restaurant out there. I was introduced to this place about a year ago and ever since then, I haven\'t been to any other. The location clearly isn\'t the best place to put this treasure, but this probably qualifies as one of those "hole-in-the-walls". Over the year, broken rice has slowly become one of my top favorite foods and I\'d occasionally make my way over to SJ for a quick bite (and Sipatea). The reason I like this place is that it\'s fast and simple: You walk inside, order, wait 5 minutes for the food to come out, eat, pay at the cashier, and leave. Like other Viet restaurants, everything you need is already at the table so you don\'t exactly need top notch service. The food however is such a great treat; the plate is piled with food and nothing looks the same. I think the best part of ordering a combination plate is the variety of things that come on it; I usually order the BBQ pork plate that comes with egg cakes, fish cakes, shredded pork, grilled shrimp and some soup. Everything is cooked to perfection and I love the diversity of flavors when treating my palette.  [For those who have never tried broken rice before, i definitely recommend sticking with one of the combination plates for the full experience.] *[CASH ONLY]*']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Angel K.', '5', "My absolute favorite com tam place in this area! I've tried a variety of other com tam places, but no place has tasted better than this. I love the bbq chicken here and the shrimp cake on sugar cane! So tasty! Just writing this review about it is making me salivate. You get the usual bowl of soup with your meal and you have the option of ordering an egg on top (for an extra dollar). You can ask them for the fried pork fat pieces (at least I think that's what it was?) and it's beyond describable words how delicious that is with rice! Every time I come here, I have to order an extra plate to-go, because one just isn't enough! I feel like the portions have gotten a little smaller over the years and it's a little more greasy than I remember, but it's still enough that I end up bringing a little home!  Parking in this plaza is ridiculous, so unless you come here early or at an off-hour, you may have to maneuver into some ridiculously small spots.  Also, this place is cash only! But they're pretty nice about it if you're a little short. One of my friends came and didn't have enough money and they just said to pay the rest next time."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Malou M.', '4', "OMG how is it that I've never been to this place. I used to pass by here all the time on my way to my work. Now I live down the street.  I ordered the grilled pork roll. I love that it has the crunchiness from the fried rolled wrap. It was delicious. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the shrimp yellow sauce that came with it. The whole dish was excellent otherwise. I also ordered a vermicille bowl of grilled pork and egg roll. I love the big portion and the amount of toppings it came with. Fish sauce is readily available on each tables. I would come back here again. I totally judged this place by it's cover. I almost wanted to leave before I ordered because it looked grimy inside. I don't know if it's the end of the day or the fact that the guy who took our order was just smoking a cigarette and didn't even wash his hands.  I'll come back here just to try the broken rice dish. CASH ONLY!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dang L.', '5', "Best Com Tam in the Bay area right here.  They have a wide variety of com tam dishes with meat and other options.  Even though it sounds nasty, you MUST pour the fish sauce over the  rice.  That's what makes it so good.  Service is prompt.  If you come during lunch or dinner hours, you might have a bit of a wait.  However, the food here is totally worth the wait.  The parking lot is super small and cramp so that might cause some problems.  There isn't really another close option to park if this tiny parking lot is full.  I have been coming here for years and have never had any problems besides parking.  If you want authentic Vietnamese food, Com Tam Dat Thanh is the restaurant to go."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ellen L.', '3', "the headline: fast, cheap food with average service. my sister-in-law was in town and chose this place for lunch with my hubby and i.  we arrived around 11.40am on a sunday and the restaurant was pretty empty so we were seated immediately. hubby and i decided to order one of their combo plates since they listed a lot of food, certainly enough for 2 people to share!  we chose special rice combination #4 ($13.95), com tam ga nuong, which was a rice plate with bbq grilled chicken, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skins, egg cake, bbq shrimp, and grilled shrimp on sugarcane.  our dish was served in probably 5 minutes, b/c i went to the restroom, came out, a few moments later, the food was served.  lightning fast!! the chicken was pretty good, i liked the flavour very much, but didn't like the skin (i was never a fan of skin on a piece of meat).  the bbq shrimp was really good, i just wish the pieces were bigger or that i could have more as this was my favourite.  the fried shrimp cake was ok, too much batter, not enough shrimp.  the grilled shrimp on sugarcane was very interesting...i'd never had this before so i tried a bit and it was good, not too weird!  there was also a very small bit of salad with raw veggies on the side (probably the healthiest thing on the plate) which i ate. hubby and i finished off our plate with a bit leftover, so i can safely say that this plate was enough for 2 people...mainly thanks to huge serving of white rice that accompanied the meat. i do wish the service was better since i don't think we ever got our water glasses refilled.  my sis-in-law eventually flagged someone down to refill her water.  also, i felt like it took forever to get the attention of one of the staff to bring our check, only to be told that i have to go see the cashier to pay.  i saw that they only accept cash, so good thing the check was small b/c i had just enough to pay the $25 and change for the 3 of us.  not bad, huh?  a little over $8 per person. note: parking is a bit of a nightmare in this small shopping center as many of the parking spaces are marked for only certain businesses so you need to be careful and park only in a non-marked space if you're dining here.  we actually had to wait to leave since many cars were leaving at the same time and there were only 2 exits."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sharon Q.', '4', "Delicious grilled meats with their rice combos. Definitely a good deal for the amount of food you get, along with the plethora of choices. I liked everything that I had which was their #3 that had grilled pork, shrimp cake, omelette, shredded pork, grilled shrimp, and shrimp with sugarcane. ($13.95) Really good! Had to share the rest with others coz the dish was huge. Glad I was around town to give this place a try. I heard parking is hard here but found one easily..also they're a Cash Only place so come prepared."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amy H.', '1', 'Oh boy the quality went down big time. I usually came to this popular place with my dad and it\'s been a couple months. The meat just tasted funny and I think they cooked the shrimp cake differently that it was maybe even a little undercooked or they tried something new. We asked for peppers and immediately knew that they were unfrozen ones, not fresh. Big "no" from dad that he actually didn\'t clean his plate, which is very rare for him to do.  It\'s sad to see it in this state that we\'re no longer coming back.  P.s. Parking is still terrible. You\'re not gonna have a good time getting and out.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Liz N.', '3', "My friend and I arrived during down time. Service was attentive and food was ok. Nothing spectacular. Next time I'm in the area I will definitely hit up other places I have bookmarked before heading here... The nem cuon (pork summer rolls) are only $3.99 for 2 pieces."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jonathan W.', '4', "I used to come here a lot for their Pork Chop Special.  It was only $11 for A LOT of food, but they raised their prices so I stopped coming as frequently, I believe it's now $14?  The food is still good, but the parking is a hassle if you're coming at busy times. Now about the food, the shredded pork has A LOT of flavor and isn't dry like most places.  The skewered shrimp paste also is an explosion of flavor in your mouth.  It is a bit sweet, but not over poweringly sweet.  The grilled pork chop is not too charred, but still has that grilled flavor from intense heat.  Grilled shrimp was excellent and the fried shrimp paste was my least favorite but still VERY GOOD nonetheless.   I would highly recommend coming here if you're hungry or craving rice or vermicelli because their grilled dishes are excellent.  I just wish they lowered their prices for the specials."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'mong linh n.', '4', 'my all time favorite broken rice place. CASH ONLY, and PARKING is a MAJOR PAIN. this is a hole in the wall.  not so clean but the food makes up for it.   the portions given here is plentiful.  they give so much that you can prob to-go some for dinner or lunch the next day. i love ordering the combos because you get the fried shrimp thing, and the steamed meat thing.  for the amount and yummy food your getting, you are paying only about 7-8$ a plate! i also like that the leave the bottle of fish sauce out for you to serve as you please.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenn N.', '3', "Com tam dat thanh, you've disappointed me. You used to be my favorite com tam spot and I'm just not sure what happened :( I came here recently with the bf and got my usual com tam suon bo dai han trung op la (rice with Korean BBQ and sunny side up egg). What I got was a plate of fatty fried grease. My Korean BBQ was more fat than meat and their soup was bland. Their portions have also gotten much smaller. Maybe it was a bad day for them, but the food also wasn't that tasty overall. Maybe all that oil turned me off, but I don't think I'll be coming back here for a while."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Alice C.', '2', "(: Boba-Foodaholic Says :) My order: #52 & #62  I came here after seeing really good reviews. So I stopped by to get lunch with my boyfriend. It was easy to find with GPS and a lot of parking lot. When we entered, we were led to a table and decided to #52 and #62. As we were waiting for the food, we were wondering what it looks like the water bottle. Later on, we realized that it is a bottle of fish sauce.  #52 - Rice with BBQ Beef Rib My boyfriend ordered this, which for him, the amount of food is not that much. Seriously, it has too much rice compared to the beef that he can eat. Also, the beef barely had beef and bunch of rib without beef (disappointing). Not only it has less beef, it was too chewy to chew the beef. But the rib's taste was okay.   #62 - Tiny Rice Vermicelli with BBQ Pork & Fried Shrimp Cake I ordered this because I wanted to try their vermicelli, which it looks like everyone getting. When I got my order, I guess they forgot my fried shrimp cake, because it wasn't on my dish. So when I tried to call them, they bought my cake right away. I had a lot of expectation with the fried shrimp cake with everyone saying it is good. However, with too high expectation, I was disappointed with the fish cake. I think King Egg Roll has better fried fish cake. The only thing I liked about this dish was the BBQ pork, because it had the right taste. However, there was too much of noodle proportion to the BBQ pork.  I wouldn't go back for another try, but recommend trying out.  **** CASH ONLY"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Minerva L.', '5', "#35..super delicious...the portion is decent for the price..the egg cake was really good as well as the shredded pork..lots of good options here..the bowls are pretty big...service was nice..really good place..i'll come back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Saleen N.', '5', "I was craving for somewhere where they have rice and BBQ meat and I have to say that based on my first experience on this place, it's pretty good. The customer service was well along with the food. Would definitely come back here again!~"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tony T.', '1', 'Be careful. The food looks good but the meat was too salty and not too fresh and it had lots of MSG. The only thing good about the food was lots of fresh vegetables were included. Just had #7 last night. After the meal, I felt some headache due to too much MSG in the food. My friend experienced the same. We both had to drink a lot of water that night. We will not come back again.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ivy P.', '4', "I'm super picky with Vietnamese food since I grew up on my family's home cooked Viet food and all the Vietnamese cuisine in the SGV area (where I grew up). However, this place has come to be one of my favorite Vietnamese places in SJ. Whenever I crave Vietnamese food, this is the first place I want to hit up.  I'm a really big fan of their com tam suon nuong tom nuong. I think it's so yummy. The restaurant itself really isn't too big or too small. The place looks a little dirty, and from what my friends have told me, it's not the safest area. The first time I went, I went with my sister and her friend. A little over halfway into our meal cop cars start pulling up outside the restaurant. We thought nothing of it until 3 more SUVs pulled up and men got out and started putting on heavy armory and pulling out rifles. We got all our food to go and ended up leaving just in case their was a shootout or something. We drove past the scene and turns out the hotel parking lot, right next to restaurant, was literally filled with probably 15+ cop cars. I believe it was a hostage situation or something. Anyways, since then nothing terrible has happened all the other times I've gone.  The portion size of the food is huge and very filling. The food always smells super yummy. Although the food doesn't taste as authentic as what you could get in SGV or home cooked, I still really like it. It's the closest thing I've found to what Vietnamese food tastes like back home. I've only ordered the rice plates here, so maybe I'll try one of their noodles the next time I go.  The service is usually very quick. It's not usually a long wait when you first walk in. It's not usually a long wait for the food to come out either. However, sometimes it's pretty hard to catch the waiter's attention. I notice that when they don't have anything to do then they're not usually wandering around seeing if anyone needs something or cleaning tables, they're just standing there picking at their nails or something. You have to go to the cash register and pay as well.  Parking is almost always super packed. Spaces are a bit narrow and people don't really know how to park (a lot of people take up more than one parking space). Also, be warned this place is CASH ONLY! There is an ATM next door though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thomas C.', '2', 'Disappointed based on all the reviews. The #3 lacked flavor and the nuoc mam was completely watered down. For a place that specializes in rice plates, they should do better than Pho places.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Alfred A.', '5', 'Yummy food, short wait time and friendly service. What else can you ask for from a restaurant?']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Missy N.', '3', "Whoaaaaa! Good ratings and I've never caught Bolsa wind of this place?  Just got back from an out of town trip and I was starving! Needed some VIETNAMESE FOOD ASAP!  The aroma of the grilled meat consumed the parking lot. Couldn't wait!  Quant little spot. A little restricted.  Ordered the Com Tam Suon Bi Cha. Ummmmmm... It's alright. Was quite disappointed hence the great reviews.  It's not bad but definitely got nothing on Thuan Kieu  or Com Tam Thanh.  Staff was nice and all but I don't think I'll be back for Con Tam.  Final thought... Com Tam was decent but there's other places nearby that's so much better.  Again, not bad though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Veronica C.', '5', "I absolutely adore this place for its large, interesting Vietnamese broken rice menu and just genuinely good cheap food!  Ordered #61: broken rice with BBQ pork chop, grilled shrimp on sugarcane and fried shrimp cake that comes with a flavorful broth.  The portion was huge, the shrimp tasted fresh, and the caramelized BBQ pork was perfection!  Their spring rolls were amazing; very greasy, yes, but super crunchy and simply yummy!! On another occasion, tried their vermicelli with grilled pork...it was okay.  Not the best I've had, plus they didn't have sriracha sauce on the house - sad!  I will probably stick to their rice plate the next time around.  Tips:  * Don't make the same mistake as I did: the tea-like jug on the table is not a tea!  It's fish sauce, haha.  * cash only (sigh!)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andrea W.', '4', "I've never really had broken rice before, and apparently it's just rice with a bunch of stuff on top. I got #58, which was rice with shrimp cake, bbq pork (it's really grilled pork, not bbq), and shrimp. Everything was delicious! They give you a lot of rice. The pork was really flavorful, as was the shrimp. The shrimp cake is deep-fried, so it has a crispy exterior and a chewy interior; I dipped it in fish sauce because it didn't have any strong flavors. The rice is chewy, and they also give you marinated carrots/daikon, two slices of cucumber, and some vegetable that's clear and look like small onions. They didn't really taste like onions though, so I'm not sure what they were. Overall a good meal. My meal came out to be $11.35 post-tax, a pretty good price for the amount and quality of food! If this place weren't so far, I'd be back!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sabrina G.', '1', "I honestly don't know how this place has 4 stars. Sure the prices are great, but is eating lukewarm food great? Not so much. I got the grilled chicken and sugar cane shrimp plate . The water cups were dirty. The chicken was chewy, and the shrimp cake was super oily and lukewarm . The service is ok. The people are nice. But my stomach felt weird after. Will not go again . There are so many places that are so much better ."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Judy T.', '5', "I prefer this place over Com Tam Thien Huong on Senter rd. The food here is just a lot fresher & hot, while Thien Huong the meat is rough & dry. I've tried Thien Huong enough times & I still don't like it.  I always order the same thing #12 rice w/ bbq pork chop & fried shrimp cake or #61 same things, but come with grilled shrimp on sugarcane & op la (fried egg). My husband gets the same thing, but with thit nuong (bbq pork). We love this place so much that we come here just about every other week. Fast service, great food, & the only downfall is its CASH ONLY, but there is an ATM inside."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'James N.', '4', "Com Tam Dat Thanh in San Jose.  Date of visit: Apr 2015  Haven't been to East San Jose for a few years, happened to be in the area on day, and decided to give Com Tam Dat Thanh a try. Because I think San Jose has the best and most authentic Vietnamese restaurant Food: 5/5 During our visit, we had the BBQ chicken with Shrimp on sugar cane rice plate and the BBQ pork with Shrimp cake rice plate. Good portion and both the Shrimp cake and Shrimp on sugar cane were the highlight. The Cà phê sa đá was pretty good too. Price/Value: 4/5 I think the price point is about average for a family style Vietnamese restaurant, overall it is still inexpensive, but it wasn't surprisingly cheap either.  Services: 3/5 Not much to be expected in this area, think of it as a fast food place, you just order, eat, pay and leave. Com Tam Dat Thanh didn't disappoint on the speed part, they were really fast cleaning up the table, and give us our food after ordering.  Com Tam Dat Thanh is definitely a great go to place for some Vietnamese rice plate, or heck something other than Pho or banh mi. For sure will go again if I'm in the area, but I probably would not drive all the way from San Mateo just for that. However, I still highly recommend Com Tam Dat Thanh, fast, inexpensive and good food. But be aware that they only take cash, and also parking can be pretty tough depends on the hours."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Brittany C.', '4', 'According to the Internet, Com Tam is the Vietnamese name for broken rice, which is a dish made with rice from fractured grains (in other words, broken rice is exactly what it sounds like). So naturally, at a place where the name starts with "Com Tam," I chose a broken rice dish: Grilled Pork and Shrimp Cake Over Broken Rice. The dish was fantastic: flavorful sauce and spices, a great serving of pork and shrimp cake, enough vegetables to make me feel less guilty, and some pretty awesome broken rice. A great and filling meal at a pretty decent price. Plus, the service was fast and friendly. We got refills of tea every time we needed it. My friend and I sat at our table talking for several hours, but they never kicked us out. Pretty impressive. It helps that the place is large enough to not get too crowded, even on a Saturday. I\'ll be back the next time I want some "Com Tam."']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kimm H.', '3', 'Lunch break with the coworkers. I rarely eat com tam but when I do, com tam dat thanh has never failed me. The portion is beyond what my appetite can handle, and trust me, my appetite can handle a lot. Service is quick and friendly (: Not once have I ever had someone give me attitude at this place. My food was cooked well, not under cooked or overdone.  ** best thing to drink with com tam is soymilk or coffee !']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michelle E.', '1', "Been supporting this business since I was a kid and I am now saying you lost my support! Horrible service and food is low quality. It isn't anything amazing so don't expect much when coming! It used to be so packed and popping.. There was plenty of table when I came in. Don't be fooled by their 4 stars.  3 rice plates for $28  Tofu had intense orange color dye. I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with eating color dye... But that's just me.  Pork had no flavor.. Aren't you suppose to marinate the pork? But I mean what do I know since I'm just a customer...  PS work on the customer service!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Alex H.', '3', "I ordered the Com Tam Bi Thit Nuong and I wasn't very impressed. The meat was dry and the rice was as well. The shredded pork was decent. The cucumber that came with the meal was dry. They provide soup with the meal which was nice. It seems like a decent amount of English speaking people come here, so don't be afraid if you're not fluent in Vietnamese!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Marilyn H.', '4', "After coming back from Westminster, I had been craving a good rice plate.  In true authenticity, they had a ton of combinations.  You could go through the menu to pick out the perfect combination of what you want... Or you could just tell them the items you want, and they'll create a plate for you.  Lucky for me, the 2nd item on the menu was a combination plate, so I didn't have to look too far.  - Bbq shrimp: super sweet, shell off and tail on, served on a skewer, really good  - Bbq pork: traditional flavor, thin slices, really good  - Egg cake: loved this with the fish sauce  - Pork chop: saucy, good  - Shredded pork skin: flavorful, but not the texture I was expecting - Shrimp on sugar cane: I was not expecting a shrimp cake (like fish cake texture). Flavor was ok, but I didn't like the texture  - Fried shrimp cake: the above wrapped in tofu skin and fried   I also added a fried egg on top. They were nice about bringing extra pickles vegetables. Good comes out really fast.  Beware:  Cash only. No A/C. Just fans.  Crazy parking lot."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vivian D.', '5', 'I miss authentic Viet places like these. Wish I could find more in the East Bay area.  HUGE serving sizes. I got the vermicelli with grilled pork and eggroll. So good! I love Viet eggrolls with thin rice paper - fried so crispy. YUMMMM.  It hit the spot just right.  Ice coffee was great too- not too much condensed milk. Also- CASH ONLY!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Martin V.', '4', 'Though I was initially disappointed to not see pho on the menu, what I ended up ordering was surprisingly good (tiny vermicelli with broiled meatballs and shrimp). I always get pho at Vietnamese places, so this got me to try something new. The plates that my wife and sister-in-law had also looked great, and were impressive, portion-wise. The dining area is spacious, but lacking in decor. Thanks to Yelp, I was prepared to pay cash.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tina C.', '4', "Food here is great and authentic. I love that the egg rolls are made with rice paper which is the traditional recipe. The rice plates are all good. It was hard to tell but this place is CASH only which sucks big time as I don't carry much cash."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kathryn N.', '4', 'This place allures everyone from coming to visit because their chimney or window emits their mouthwatering BBQ aroma. In a nearby plaza, easy to spot. The nuoc mam was a bit on the sweet side and needed a more kick. Otherwise the com tam was bomb.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joy P.', '4', "It's a far fetched ride from my place just to get some good com tam. The inside of this place reminds me of the ones you see on TV, the usual hang out place to grub on. No air conditioning so two big fans were blasting during the hot weather  day that we came there. Our first option was closed so we ended up here and it didn't disappoint me. . I ordered the #7 com tam suon bo dai han, which consists of broken rice, bbq beef ribs, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skins, egg cake and grilled shrimp. I know, I know, you'll think that's too much, but don't underestimate me, because I finished this whole darn plate clean. Everything that came with my order was very flavorful and hits just the right spot. Aside for that, I also ordered nem nuong, which comes in two per order with sweet peanut sauce. The bbq pork is smoked right and blended nicely with the veggies and dipping sauce it came with, and yes I finished those too. Yikes! With that I washed it all down with nice cold thai tea. I was one satisfied (and very full) chicka.  Now that I know the spot to go to for some com tam, I wouldn't mind the drive there just to satisfy my fix. The prices were affordable too and the service, uhh? well, it's so-so since I got ignored when I was trying to flag down the server to get some last minute order (the nem nuong). No biggie though because I can get use to this kind of eating."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Danh T.', '4', "This is 1 of 2 places that I ever go to for Com Tam in San Jose. I've been going here since I was a kid and my favorite dish by far is #1 Com Tam Nem Nuong, Tau Hu Ky, Bi, Cha, Tom Nuong, Chao Tom. Getting a fried egg is always worth it to me. I love the soup that accompanies the dish. Overall the flavors are great and I'll definitely be coming back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joe M.', '3', "My buddy and I love going down to San Jose for the great variety of food, drinks, and other goodies so when he was insistant that I give this broken rice restaurant a try I was happy to oblige! He came by my place and our little group excited headed to dinner together. I ordered their large multicourse plate with BBQ pork, BBQ shrimp, egg loaf, shredded pork, shrimp paste on sugar cane, and fish cake in a tofu wrap. At almost $13, it was definitely expensive when compared to most places, but it was definitely delicious and I ended up cleaning my plate. It was really filling but I think I would have been fine with one of their smaller plates next time. Service was quick and we got our food pretty fast. It's way out of my way but if I was in the area I'd go back for some good grub. In fact, I could go for some right now! Food: 8/10 Service: 6/10 Price: $$ Atmosphere: 6/10"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Penney L.', '4', "THE FOOD IS BOMB. Let it be known that it is a Vietnamese restaurant, which does NOT automatically mean there is pho here.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I'm not a gal that carries cash all the time and I would much prefer if they took card, but food wise, it's worth it. The patrons are always almost all Vietnamese which is a great indication that food is going to be delicious."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mona W.', '4', "Rice really isn't my carbohydrates of choice. I rarely order any rice plates except for chirashi or curry. My visit to Com Tam Dat Thanh has been successfully procrastinated over and over. On one fine night, after a failed attempt to eat at Nam Vang, (Closed for dinner really? Anyone knows what their business hours are?) I finally ventured into Com Tam Dat Thanh. While I can't say I have been converted to a rice lover, I am definitely intrigued.  Broken rice (Com Tam) is really something else. Who would have thought the texture could be so different from regular rice. It is less starchy, almost like a hybrid between short grain rice and semolina.  The menu is extensive but mostly just permutations of different toppings. The do have a small selection of dry vermicelli noodles but I couldn't care less. If a restaurant has 'Cam Tam' in the name you should really just stick to the broken rice dish for your first visit. I ordered off their combination plate section. Oh boy, that was a lot of food. You get 6 different toppings with your choice of meat on a huge plate of rice and soup of the side. That could easily feed two. No wonder a lot of patrons asked for to-go boxes.  All the toppings were good. The egg cake and the fried shrimp cake stood out in particular. All BBQ items - shrimp, pork chop, chicken - are greasy but gratifying. It has been a while since I had some grilled shrimp on sugarcane. Granted the shrimp wasn't of the best quality (rather small), it was still well prepared and tasty. Don't forget the fish sauce bottle on the table. Your broken rice plate won't taste the same without it. Feel free to drench the broken rice in sauce. I like it. Had to packed half of my dinner to go but it still tasted pretty good the next day."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kim C.', '4', "Com Tam! Yum yum yum! Every time I pass by this place, my mouth starts to water. I love the smell of BBQ!  I don't really eat meat, but when I go here I like to get their egg cake, shrimp cake, and grilled shrimp on sugarcane. So yummy! I usually share a #1 combo plate, and we're set. It's a lot of food for even 2 people. They give generous portions. And OMG, their soup is good too! Throwing in a fried egg also makes your plate more yummy! BUT OMG! $1.25 for a fried egg!? It's ridiculous, but sooo good. What I usually do is order to go, and then make my own fried egg at home.  The plus side to this place is I like how you can make your fish sauce to your own liking. I dip and put it on everything in my plate.  So this place is your typical old school Vietnamese restaurant. It means CASH ONLY, clean but questionable environment, and the service is just okay (you might get neglected if you're not assertive and flag them down when you need something). They may seem rude, but it's just how they talk. They're actually pretty nice."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'An N.', '4', 'The food here is always good with a good amount of food. They do not skimp for sure.  The service here is like any typical asian place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shirley Wing L.', '4', "I got the Com Tam Pork #2 Combo.  BEST. CHOICE. EVER! The combo came with soup--broth was not overly salty and was very flavorful! The dish came with: Shrimp Cakes (pretty large piece sliced into a pieces)-  Pork--very DELICIOUS!!! Shrimp wrapped over Sugarcane- I actually didn't like this sausage looking piece very much..It was kind of tasteless Shrimp Pie(?)- Shaped like a piece of pie. This was pretty scrumptious! Shredded Pork-My fav part of Broken Rice! As you can see, this was a very porky and shrimpy meal.. :) I've had several Broken Rice dishes in the 626 area in LA and I was VERY IMPRESSED by this place! Too bad it's in SJ and I won't be back for a while.. :("]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bubba G.', '1', "Wow!  How could 300+ reviewers give this place anythinh higher than a single star? We happened to be in the neighborhood and used yelp to be adventurous and gave this place a try based on the 4 star rating. Of course we tried the broken rice dishes based all the glowing reviews. Of the three dishes we ordered (BBQ beef, pork, shrimp cake, shrimp) only the shrimp cake was freshly cooked. They definitely don't make your food to order as everything else was overcooked and barely warm. The broken rice was disappointing as well with it being no fresher than the meats.  Sorry to say that this place was so bad."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diana C.', '5', "Whenever I crave broken rice, I come here. This is as good as it gets. I rarely give 5 star ratings, but this place deserves it. The food is spectacular, the prices are so reasonable, and the service here is great too. I've only ever gotten their rice plates and spring rolls here, so I cannot speak for the rest of their menu items, but if you want the best broken rice dish you can find in SJ this is it. Their meats and shrimp are grilled to perfection. Flavors are on point! Their fried shrimp cake and shrimp on sugarcane are super yummy too. I think they have some water chestnut in their shrimp paste which adds some unexpected delicious crunch to it. For a person who normally doesn't like beef or pork, I love all their beef and pork items as well. I normally don't really enjoy the egg cakes, but the one here is soft and delectable. Shredded pork skin is an interesting texture, and might be an acquired taste, but I love this stuff from this place. Their grilled pork spring rolls are great too. They are comparable to Brodards in LA. This place really knows how to grill their meats. All in all, this is a great place for your money too! Plates average $8-$13 dollars depending on how many items you want and plates are huge so they really fill you up. If you ever don't know what something is, the owner is very friendly and eager to help. He makes great suggestions if you need help deciding what you want, and makes sure you are satisfied with what you ordered.  Pros:  - best broken rice in SJ - friendly service - prices are super reasonable - large portions  - grilled meats are A+ here - large interior with lots of seating Cons: - can be a little hard to find parking in the small plaza"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Adam N.', '5', "Holy smokes! You can smell their grilling from over a block away and if that doesn't get your hunger going then.. you're nuts. I've been here more than I can remember and I leave satisfied every time. They are pretty generous with their portions and more than often, I can't finish eating everything in one sitting. Their service is good, pretty similar to many other Vietnamese restaurants. They show you to a table then stand there waiting assuming that you already know what you want after looking at the menu for 15 seconds! I don't mind it too much, because I always come prepared! So noobies, just ask them to give you a few extra minutes. I usually get started with a couple Nem Nuong Cuons (2 for $4) which is a spring roll with a slice of grilled pork. They even wrap it with that GOOD GOOD (crunchy egg roll paper) inside. The dipping sauce is a little bland for my liking, so I always drop a dollop of chili sauce in the sauce to enrage my taste buds! As for the Com Tam, it's all pretty good as long as you have NUOC MAM (make sure you chili it up). You also get a small bowl of soup with almost anything you order. I can even recall a time where I only ordered orange juice and the waiter still gave me some soup... What a come up!!! Tips: CASH ONLY & small parking lot (shared with other businesses) Overall: Definitely one of the better value Com Tam places out there and has become one of my go-to places whenever i'm in the area."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', "Bruce's A.", '5', "This is a definitive hole in the ground, homey restaraunt. On occasion, this place is packed with people, but with good reason. The food here is exceptional! The menu is straightforward with what it has to offer.  I go about getting the BBQ beef, and BBQ Shrimp, which I enjoy thoroughly. The rice and pickled veggies are also a fine addition along with the soup to most meals. I have left content every single time! I strongly urge any foodies to give this place a shot. Granted it may seem like a sketchy restaraunt pulled from an 80's kung fu movie, but once the aroma of the food teases your nostrils, the setting will just be backround, and you'll be all about the food!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Youbin J.', '2', "I don't know why people are amazed by this place.. I ordered a rice place with BBQ meatballs and shrimps. Yes, it's a biy cheaper than other Vietnamese restaurants; but the dining experience shows the price.. waiters never come by to check up on you and the food portion was small (tiny shrimps with too much rice). I wouldn't go back again..there are many more Vietnamese restaurants to try in the area."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Suzzie B.', '4', 'This is what happens when you have a Mexican and a Chinese wanting pho and sees something Vietnamese. Oh... this place must have pho. WRONG!  Luckily for us, they have amazing grilled noodles and rice places. I would recommend the tasty shrimp cake. The bbq pork is tender and flavorful.  We got back to work and heard that this place is known for broken rice, we both ordered noodles. NEXT TIME, we shall try the rice! I love the little bowl of soup, it\'s chicken and cilantro flavor. The portions are awesome and I think each plate is ranges from $9-10 for regular plates and $13 for the "super indecisive people" plates.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Derrick V.', '4', 'My first time ever having broken rice haha. Interesting texture, I want to learn more about how or why it is "broken".  They definitely give you a LOT of food if you get one of the combo plates. Come here hungry! My favorite was the pork chop and the fried shrimp thing.  I\'d come back and get one of the meats with a fried egg on top of the rice.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'M C.', '4', "Com tam! :D  I always order a combination with the fried shrimp cake when I come here. I've tried their grilled pork, short ribs, and chicken, and am not much of a fan of the meat. I guess the grilled pork is the best if I had to choose one, then the ribs, and chicken. Grilled chicken is very dry. It seems like they've decreased the meat portion size over the years and increased the rice ratio.  I will still come for the fried shrimp cake."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kaylee L.', '2', "Another overrated restaurant. We ordered #3 and #27 plates with two fried eggs, and when the plates arrived, they were cold. I am talking about icy cold. I touched the plates, and it seemed like they were put in the fridge and taken out before they serve us. They probably didn't heat them up long enough in the microwave. As for the meat flavors, they are too sweet for our taste which make the foods kind of sickening to eat since those are savory dishes and shouldn't be sweet like desserts."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Helen D.', '5', "Still the best in town. Everyone tries pointing me to another place but there is simply no comparison! This place is the bomb diggity. The meat is marinated perfectly, grilled perfectly and with fat attached. I hate the lean shit, takes away from life. Mmm. Too bad I live far. I would hit this spot every time I'm in town."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jane P.', '3', 'I was excited about trying out this place, especially with all the great reviews. Even drove to San Jose from Redwood City for it. I ordered the #2 (Com Tam Thit Nuong) plate which is BBQ pork over broken rice with the addition of a shrimp cake, grilled shrimp on sugarcane, BBQ shrimp, and shredded pork skins. The BBQ pork, rice, and grilled shrimp were really good, but I was not impressed with the rest of the items. The shrimp cake was bland and the BBQ shrimp was overdone and was overly smoked. My husband had the pork chop and rice and I would say the pork chop tasted better than the BBQ pork. Overall, not a bad joint to satisfy your com tam craving. I would just recommend you order a rice platter instead of a special rice combo plate.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Judy L.', '5', "This place makes me wish I lived in the South Bay... Literally everything you can possibly order here is deeelicious... and enough to feed two if you get the combo plates (but I always force myself to finish an entire plate and leave painfully happy).  If you go around lunch time on the weekends, it's always packed. I've waited up to half an hour to get seated, but the wait is well worth the food. I looove the shrimp cake, egg cake, and BBQ pork the most... and I love that they leave the fish sauce and hot sauce in jars on the table so you can customize how spicy or not spicy you want your fish sauce for your broken rice."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Clara H.', '5', "It's time to update my review from last year. This place is still the bomb. It smells so good and their portions are generous. The fish sauce is on the table so you don't have to skimp. I absolutely love this place. Everything is yummy. Their fried shrimp cake, shredded pork and barbecued pork combination is fantastic. I can't say the same about other broken rice plate places. My mouth waters thinking about it!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Raymond S.', '5', 'Came by the other day to get my com tam fix. The com tam plates here beats all the places I have tried in SoCal. I ordered the #58 with fried shrimp cake, BBQ pork, and grilled shrimp. Everything was delicious! The soup was not bad either. The egg rolls were nice and crispy on the outside and packed with ingredients on the inside. Yum! I like how there is nuoc mam sauce on the tables for you to pour as much as you want.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thuy N.', '4', "I stopped by for some good old vietnamese food...maybe it's bc I am spoiled, growing up in Socal I got to eat the best Vietnamese food in Bolsa; the food was ok. It definitely had more of a Bolsa vibe/flavor compared to the other Vietnamese places I've had in SF, but it just can't compare to Quan Thanh in Bolsa.  For Norcal I give it 4 stars, if compared to places in Bolsa,  I say 3 stars is generous.   This place is interesting, they leave a big bottle of fish sauce at the table so you can get your own. Where I am from, only the banh cuon places do that. Parking here is TERRIBLE!!! I had to loop around 3x, the parking lot is quite  narrow so that was a nightmare. Food: Each entree came with a bowl of soup, it was ok.  ***Com tam thit nuong (broken rice w/ BBQ pork), 2.5 stars: the flavor wasn't bad, & good portion size. The cons: no fried fat, the meat was very fatty, had to cut out so much fat that there wasn't much meat, I personally like the OG pickled cabbage. ***Bun thit nuong cha gio (BBQ pork & egg roll w/ vermicelli), 3 stars: for some reason, the two dishes I ordered has the same meat, but it was less fatty in this dish! The egg rolls were pretty good, they were fat and crispy, I didn't care for the noodles, it was too thick for me. They gave a lot of bean sprouts and not enough cucumbers & lettuce."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tiffany S.', '5', 'My first trip the west coast, I ate here and always have been coming back ever since. They offer the best cam tam dish on the block!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Randy F.', '5', 'Com Tam or "broken rice" is a common rice plate that you\'ll see at Vietnamese restaurants.  While some places have good rice plates, the majority are average and unless you\'re a rice fan (like my brother or wife), most will order more popular Vietnamese cuisine like pho. Nonetheless, when I saw Annie M. and Lolia S. post simulataneous raving reviews about the rice plates here I knew I would have to try. Interestingly, I had thought I had actually been before and found it unmemorable.  Turns out I actually went to Com Tam Thanh, a restaurant with a name that shares 3 out of the 4 words and has solid reviews on Yelp.  That restaurant, while popular, has a much different menu and their rice dishes weren\'t anything to write about.   Com Tam DAT Thanh is a completely different entity.  Their sole focus is com tam and their menu reflects it, absent of pho, cooked dishes, or any other choices other than vermicelli plates that mimic the rice plates.   Parking is a bit packed and difficult, but I arrived prior to the rush hour.  I quickly looked over the menu and decided to go with one of the $11.45 rice plates, their high end that includes almost every item you can choose for their rice plates.   My plate came out within minutes and it\'s a huge portion.  A large water bottle of fish sauce mix is provided at each table to season the rice plate, a key step in enhancing the flavor.   Having just had a rice plate the night before, this one was soooo much better.  A quick rundown: BBQ Beef - the grill here is fantastic and the entire restaurant, heck the entire parking lot, does smell like delicious grilled meat.  They use a fantastic marinade that really flavors the meat.  It\'s bold and unforgettable.  The meat has a slight smokiness and is very tender. Fried Shrimp Cake - it came out piping hot and must be freshly fried.  The skin is light and flakey and the shrimp cake meat is filling and tasty.  Very good. Shredded Pork Skin - oftentimes cold at many places, the one served here tasted warm and freshly made.  It makes all the difference in the world mixing it with the rice and fish sauce. Egg Cake - again, warm and tender.  Love the mix of pork and egg in this cake BBQ Shrimp - I was prepared to not like it, given how small the shrimp were.  But they were prepared excellently.  The sauce is caramelized on the top and the shrimp were not overcooked at all.   Grilled Shrimp on Sugarcane - I prob looked like a noob when I picked this up and attempted to bit on the whole thing like a hot dog....and couldn\'t bite through the sugarcane.  I learned to peel the shrimp off and it\'s tender and slightly sweet from the sugarcane.   I was stuffed after finishing all the items, but did notice that you can even add side dishes of other favorites like the broiled meatballs and BBQ chicken if you like.  Overall, it was a terrific broken rice dish.  My only complaint would be that the clear broth accompanying the dish was rather plain, but then again, we\'re here to eat rice, not to drink soup broth.   I\'m actually unsure of how broken rice is made (ie: is it a different type of grain or is the cooking method different), but if you like rice plates, you should definitely stop by here.  Eat pho or claypot sea bass at the other Vietnamese places, but come here for rice plates.   Com Tam Dat Thanh is cash only.  They are also closed Tuesday and will be closed for the Lunar New Year (1/31- 2/3). **My Broken Rice Plate Rankings** 1)  Com Tam Dat Thanh - every topping is great and the grilled shrimp with sugarcake, fried shrimp cake, egg cake, and shredded pork skin are spectacular.  The extra large portions, the consistent great quality, and the flavor make this place the clear #1. 2) Com Tam Thien Huong - the broken rice plates here are good and the BBQ grilled items are particularly tasty and very well done.  The bonus is that a side dish (nem nuong cuon = grilled pork spring rolls) are fantastic. 3) Com Tam Thanh - another good broken rice plate.  I\'d say that no particular rice topping (whether BBQ, pork, or seafood) really stands out but it\'s solid.  Consistency can be a problem as I\'ve had some very good fried shrimp cake and othertimes had some that wasn\'t as recently made.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jean Q.', '3', "Came here for dinner on an early Friday, hardly any people. I really want to try the shrimp cake which I never had before. It was not bad, but not good enough to come back again. I don't care much about the grill meat here, not very fresh."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lexie H.', '1', "The meat has no taste and it was very dry. Thien Huong is better. I won't be coming back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'May N.', '5', 'Food: 5 stars for awesome com tam!  This place is the best com tam (broken rice) dish place.  I usually order bo luc lac ("shaking beef" over rice).  It\'s not on the menu, but they\'ll make it for you.  Their bo luc lac comes with the tomato/butter rice that\'s red and a soy sauce based dipping sauce.  The beef is cut into small cubes and is placed over a bed of salad that has a vignette dressing.  My friends also love their com tam dishes with thit nuong.  We usually get one bo luc lac and one of the com tam dishes with at least 3 meat items (like fried egg, bbq beef or pork, and shrimp on a sugar cane stick).  It\'s cheap.  It\'s tasty.  It\'s the way Vietnamese food is supposed to be!   Service: The dudes here like pack 4 or 5 dishes on one arm and have like crazy balancing skills.  There\'s one guy who works there often who is super nice, actually talks to you, and makes recommendations based on what you tell him about the kind of dish you are looking for.  Most of the other servers just take your order and bring you your food, which is what you should expect.  Anything more than that is pretty awesome for these authentic kind of restaurants.  The food comes out fast and is what you ordered, so I\'m a happy camper.  It\'s CASH ONLY, so bring cash unless you wanna go to the kinda sketchy ATM in the liquor store in the plaza.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Valerie T.', '2', "I don't understand how this place has 4 stars. I've had better. Came here on a Thursday afternoon around 3:45pm. It was pretty empty with only 2 other tables in there but I wanted to believe the yelp reviews so we tried it anyway. They have a pretty big selection on the menu, which is always a plus. The tea cups were filthy so I cleaned it with the hot tea they gave us. I like that they leave the fish sauce on the condiments tray at your table so you can pour however much you want for yourself. I ordered the BBQ pork with shrimp cake rice plate ($7.45). It was good, but I've had better. The meat was a bit on the fattier side. The rice was broken rice, which I don't care for as much as regular rice. The shrimp cake skin was too crunchy and the shrimp cake itself wasn't very flavorful.  We drank the tea after our meal and I noticed brown stuff floating in our cups. At first I thought it was me slicing the meat and shrimp cake that made little pieces fly into the cup, so I drank it. But when I checked in the tea pot, the whole pot had so much oil and pieces that looked like it came from deep frying. That was so disgusting!!! This place is CASH ONLY. You have to go up to the counter to pay for your meal. There's many other vietnamese restaurants in San Jose with less star ratings on yelp that is better than here. I will not be back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Fred R.', '5', 'The #74 Bun Vermicelli bbq beef & egg roll, out of this world. Beef was just the right kind of sweet. Not haha funny sweet, but more of a serious grill mark tangy sweet. Homie brought out a lil cup of broth, not sure what it was for, took a couple sips then wet my noodles with it and it all made sense. Lil toasted peanuts and pickled onion ends with some mint, YAAOOOOO! 7 stars, 5 for the food and the 2 in my eyes.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rosie W.', '4', "I had no idea what broken rice was, and still don't really  know (is it because the rice isn't mushy?). Anyway, whatever it is, I love it! My husband brought me here for the first time a few months ago. I ordered the BBQ pork and BBQ shrimp with a side of fried egg rolls (I love those egg rolls!). I poured some of that fish sauce all over my plate and basically inhaled my dish. It was so good, I ate like I've been starving for days (no shame! :)). It was authentic and flavorful. The beef was tender and the shrimp was barbecued to perfection.  I just don't understand why I don't see many people, at least during the times I've been here. Maybe they come during lunch.  Only downfall is that the location isn't that great, but I'm not deducting any points for it! Broken rice heaven!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'J J.', '2', 'Used to be great, but the quality here dropped hard.  All it is now is just a fast food version of what it was before: greasy, inconsistent, and cheap quality.  Back then this place was pretty authentic and traditional.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Doris H.', '4', "The com tam here is really good! Their portions are huge and really worth the price in my opinion. Everything is fresh and you and can smell the food cooking from outside! It makes me drool every time I pass by the restaurant ahaha! I dislike the parking though because the spaces are really cramped and I'm afraid of my car getting hit in that plaza. Another reason that I wasn't fond of the store is because it is cash only. Other than that, I would recommend this place for com tam!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Janet T.', '4', "I remember being here a few times years ago.  I'll get the EVERYTHING!  This is my favorite broken rice place ever.  You'll get a your choice of meat, baked egg slice with vermicelli, shrimp skewer, fried shrimp patty, shredded pork, egg roll if you wish, and the nice cucumber decor which I will devour fully, fish sauce, and of course RICE!  Soup comes on the side to amp up your palette.  Salivating just typing about it! 8p Although with most restaurants with chopsticks and utensils stuffed in buckets on your table, I usually wipe them with a wet napkin."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cindy D.', '2', "I used to come here when I was a kid with my parents... everytime we drove by they woudl be BBQing their meat and it smells DELICIOUS. However recently I came here, and ordered one of the Dac Biet Com Tam, I think it was the Com Tam Bo Nuong or Suon Bo Dai Han. But either way, yeah there is a lot of food, but the quality is not so great. It took quite a while for them to come out with the food, and it wasn't hot.  It did not taste fresh, and was expensive too! About 15 dollar a plate. Their soup was like salt water, with green onions, I wasn't a fan  I rather just go to Com Tam Thien Huong. This place also did not accept credit card, only cash! It's quite dirty, and sticky tables, with flies buzzing around. I probably wont be back here any time soon."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diana T.', '5', "My parents has been taking me here for years when I was younger.  I haven't sat down in this restaurant in awhile, but I came back recently and aesthetics wise, it hasn't changed very much. I think the place has gotten cleaner since I've last come. But the food for the price is worth it. You get generous portions and it's very affordable and wait time for our dishes didn't take very long. I always get the rice plate, grilled pork with egg cake!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Teresa N.', '1', 'service its bad, the staffs have indifference altitude even the cashier.The food is decent. however, parking there can be a challenge. there a few homeless when we was there.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linh L.', '4', "I'm slowly venturing into the land of San Jose to hunt for delicious, homey Vietnamese food, and Com Tam made it to the top of my list. It's everything you want in a Vietnamese restaurant: a dish specialty (broken rice!!), lots of other Vietnamese people eating there, and no pho offerings.  The boy and I both got the specials - he got the thit nuong; I got the suon nuong. The suon nuong definitely tasted more moist and had more flavor, but both were delicious. There were also a bunch of additional components as part of the dish, which made me really happy and SUPER FULL! One special is actually just enough for 2 people.  I will definitely be back!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thu N.', '5', 'Let me put it this way. This place beats com tam Thien Huong in price, quality and quantity. Their plate is enough for 2 meals. At Thien Huong, I can easily finish the plate in one seating. The meat here is also thicker and juicier, I like the way they marinated it too, probably a southern vietnamese thing, sweet and salty. I also loveee the sauce that goes with it. If I can only eat one thing for the rest of my life, this is the thing! They also give you 2 big pieces of meat instead of 1.5 small pieces like Thien Huong, they are slightly cheaper but seriously I dont mind paying more for this.  The only cons is that the place looks a little dirty and its located in a ghetto plaza.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'J M.', '1', "Overrated and probably have seen better times.  Terrible rice dishes and desert drinks are stale.  If you thought this place have good rice dishes then you have not eaten Viet food very much.  Had the rice special with combination shrimp, bbq chicken, tofu, etc., and they are all bad.  Can't even do side soup broth right, tastes like water."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Trinity T.', '4', "I've been going here since I was a little girl, unfortunately they changed their taste over the years.  First thing first, whenever I come I always get their special dishes, it has a little bit of everything! Their fish sauce is really good! Their meat is always seasoned well, I always add an extra sunny side egg with mines! It's perfection.  Plus they always give you a small bowl of soup with your order which makes the rice and everything else goes down perfect.  Also I recommend the fresh coconut juice, it's so sweet and tastey Image wise, it's a little Asian restaurant, all the tables and chairs are original nothing fancy. It's more for the food than anything else!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lucy N.', '4', 'The food taste like authentic Vietnamese dishes. My favorite dish is the grilled chicken. They give good portion for the price. However, the ambience can be cleaner and customer service can be better.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vivian H.', '4', 'I grew up in Orange County and as biased as I can be, the Vietnamese Restaurants around San José cannot top that around Bolsa Avenue. Good news is that this place really hits the spot whenever I am craving broken rice. The portions are large and made with minimal MSG. The only downside to this place is that they ONLY accept cash! I guess that can generally be expected and generalized for Asian places. I have also noticed that the pricing here is a tad overpriced compared to other Restaurants around the area. But like always, I believe in paying a bit extra for delicious, high-quality food! So the price does not really bother me. The parking lot here is always packed, so plan to arrive accordingly if you are ever meeting a friend for lunch/dinner.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Steven T.', '2', "Dat Thanh specializes in Vietnamese rice plates, and they have an extensive menu of choices for these. The food generally is tasty (we ordered 4 different plates), though I wouldn't say it's the best I ever had like some other reviewers claimed. Service is alright - typical.  I would give them 3 stars -- have to hold one back because they take cash only. Nowadays, if you take cash only, I expect to see good prices. The prices I see on the menu are not any lower than similar type of restaurants who also take credit cards. In this case the customers give up convenience so the owner can pocket the savings on their end. And it just sounds fishy (hey Uncle Sam) when an established business decides to deal with cash only. They have a rather small parking lot so there are times it can be a challenge to get a spot."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amanda L.', '4', "The most confusing menu I've even seen by far! I wished that they will come up with more distinct names for their dishes. To a non vietnamese speaker all their dishes sound alike.  I ordered the Com tam suon nuong combo #3 which was big enough for 2 people to share + a side of egg rolls.  The combo came with....  - BBQ pork - This was the best part  of the dish!!! BBQ to perfection! Just the right amount of marinate. Sweet and savory. The meat was so tender! I wonder if we could just order this on the side as a dish itself. I would totally do that. - Shrimp cake - Loved it. It was like crispy on the outside. Fried tofu skin type of crispy.  - Shredded pork skin - I didn't really like this one. It was rather chewy and soggy.  - Egg cake - I had hoped that it would taste like chawamushi. Unfortunately, this fell quite far short of it.  - BBQ shrimp - Good!  - Grilled shrimp on sugar cane - Yummy! Could do with less oil though.  - Egg rolls - Good.  Overall, this place excels in any BBQ. I would strongly recommend you give one of their BBQ dishes a shot. Super value for money although not the healthiest thing in the world. Everything was oily. Service was good. Our waiter was super honest and upfront about what he thought was good and value for money rather than just push us to order more. For example, he encouraged me to get the egg rolls individually ($1.25)  rather a dish of 6 with salad ($8+) etc."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sandra L.', '4', 'Love the broken rice plate with shrimp on sugar cane and egg cakes. Been coming here for over 10 years.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Yen Yen C.', '4', "HUGE PORTIONS. Been here 3 times and all 3 times, my sister and I had shared a rice plate and we leave feeling like we just ate a whole cow!  free soup - too salty for me tau hu ky - absolutely amazing. perfectly deep fried. thit nuong/grilled pork - decent but I've had better The service here is typical of a viet restaurant. Nothing special or wrong.  And yes after finishing eating, you feel really thirsty because of the fish sauce DUH!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'G G.', '2', "Lackluster...coming from SoCal, this place lacks flavor and overall quality of broken rice dishes.  As with other yelpers we came here due to the overwhelming 4 stars rating!  This time, unfortunately, Yelp let us down!  Nem nuong was hard as a rock, tau hu ky wasn't fried crispy!  Prolly frozen n had freezer burn?  Even hubby, who eats everything, says it wasn't that good!! Yikes. One time deal... However, one up note is the bûn is decent, 3 stars for that."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jakob R.', '5', 'YUMASAUROUS REX! ROARRRRRRRRRRRRRR! This place was damn delicious! We seemed to be the only non-Vietnamese people in the restaurant and still the waiter/host was more than accommodating. They had a picture book with all of their items, they offered their suggestions on what they liked the best, and told us how to use everything at the table (mix fish oil, chili, and pickled beets for an interesting sauce and you can drink the broth to cleanse your palate). I got the only vegetarian dish which was tofu atop a salad with a super delicious tangy soy sauce that was unbelievable. There was a lot of tofu and it came with a side of rice. The default is mexican rice but I hear people raving of the broken rice so I got that instead and I must say it was so so so so good! DEFINITELY GET IT! I know it\'s the only option for us Veggie Tarians but it\'s so great. Try! TIPS! The iced tea looking thing on the table is fish oil. I was so close to putting it in a cup and drinking it. So watch out! Also, they only accept cash. No "Charge It!" here. WELL WORTH IT THOUGH! SO GROOD! Definitely coming back.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Adrianna V.', '4', 'This is only my second time eating a Viet rice plate so I am still a newbie at what to order. My mom and I were so clueless we thought the plastic bottle of brown liquid on the table was tea but I was told it is fish sauce. Good thing I did not try drinking it. Went with the basic BBQ pork & shrimp plate, I think it was #28 on the menu. I recommend trying it with fried egg to enhance the flavor! 2 plates with 1 appetizer came to $20, if you are in the area I would recommend eating here!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sheena T.', '4', 'They have the best rice plates by far and good portions. I can barely finish my plate.  My parents and come here a lot.  The food it self is good. You get a bowl of soup then your rice plate with what ever options you choose. The price is decent for what you get. GREAT DEAL OVER ALL in my opinion.  The service is not bad. I have no complaints about it up to this day.  They also serve multiple plates at one time. When its busy one person can carry about 5-6 plates on one arm and more on the OTHER ONE! its amazing.  GOOD PLACE TO GO IF YOU LIKE RICE PLATES!!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Janelle C.', '2', "Went here last week since it had a decent star rating on Yelp, and I was extremely disappointed. The service was pretty bad; I think our waiter only came by once to take our order. I got the BBQ pork vermicelli, and it was by far the worst vermicelli I've ever had. Though the portions look big, more than half of my dish was just bean sprouts, and the pork was bland. Not only was the quality not so great, but the food here is also on the expensive side (considering portion size and quality). Another con to note is that this restaurant only takes cash. I will not be coming back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Angela L.', '3', 'Broken rice is not my favorite but this place give a whole new meaning that I would go goo goo ga ga for it.  They have so many selections that if you were to come everyday to try them, it probably will take you a month or so.   I just love everything on their menus anything that has to do with barbeque.  Their bbq pork,  beef, along with other seafoods are heaven.  I really like their shrimp on a sugar cane stick and their shrimp paste wrapped around fried tofu wraps.  Yummy.  What stands out for me is that they make the best "nuoc mam" that is fish sauce I have ever tasted.  I always say that vietnamese has a saying that if the fish sauce isn\'t good, the rest just won\'t cut it. However, I noticed over  the years they have been skimping on the portions and priced it a lot higher.  Being Vietnamese myself, I tend to find these vietnamese restaurants have a tendency to lure you in and once you are hook, they short change you.  Do they think we are not on to them??  Think again......']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michael W.', '5', 'BBQ chicken with shrimp on sugarcane (#20) was amazing. Highly recommend. People are very nice. The free soup was a plus!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lisa H.', '5', "my husband's favorite food in the world. It's A LOT of food and can last two meals for me. We always get the specials. My favorite is the pork chop special. His favorite is #1 -- the nem nuong special. authentic, delicious Vietnamese food -- northern california's best!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jana C.', '4', "So very very excellent and tasty. Typical dive, sticky subzero ambiance, with cafeteria-like feel. But dac biet #1 Nem Nuong was really really deep in flavor, large in portion, both in rice and meat, veg, etc. Grilled meatball (whose texture was too tight, and not enough caramelization on the surface. I like meatballs that are bit looser and with body), shimp, shrimp/fish cake skewered onto sugarcane stix, egg cake, shredded pork,oh my! Pour own nuoc mam from the plastic ice tea containers, and prepare to have at least 2 other meals for leftovers. Broken rice...yummy!  Best wishes on the horrid parking lot....so tight, sharp angles, and say a little prayer your door aint gonna be scratched when you're belching away the bloat on your walk from smoking rooftop eatery and car. For reals. CASH ONLY"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linh T.', '2', "Been here a while back and as I recall it was pretty good. Trying it again years later.. Its didn't go down the memory lane. Tau hu ky wasn't crispy.. The shell was chewy. The flavoring of everything was bland.. The meat on the sugarcane stick was moo-shy (is that a word?) lol you will know what I meant if u try it. Way too much flour into that meat. I like the eggrolls and that was it. I've eaten better com tam with better price."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bright P.', '1', 'We are Vietnamese, just came to the US. We found this place on Google, and went there due to its high rank in Yelp. And we were totally disappointed. First, the restaurant is not clean. The food seemed to have been cooked some days before. We called 2 dishes of broken rice, and the rice was so hard. Even compared to cheap street food in Vietnamese, the food quality was worse. Moreover, some hours after eating there, I had an uneasy feeling in my stomach. If you want to try Vietnamese food, go to the Grand Centery Mall in the Story road, not far from there, there are a bunch of good Vietnamese restaurants. One minor thing, they only accept cash.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Angeline H.', '5', "One of the great things about Vietnamese food is that there are so many to choose from. That's how I feel when I look at the menu here.  If you're starving and can't decide on what you like or want, I always go for a #1. For $12.95 the special combos are a big plate of mixed meats to your liking.  The broken rice plates have a ton of variety from BBQ chicken, beef, shredded pork, all for $6.95."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rita L.', '4', "Really quick service, especially when you go during an off-time, and giant portions! I ordered a combo plate (#3, I think) and that was good for 3 meals (I ate a portion at the restaurant, and split the leftovers with the bf for dinner). The combo plates are amazing if you want to try a little of everything. The coffee wasn't overly sweet but was still pleasantly creamy and decadent. There's a lot of competition around this area but the authenticity and large portions makes this place a winner."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Susann M.', '5', 'Came here for breakfast! Perfect taste! They used to have containers on table (pickled green onion) & (pickled shredded carrots & raddishes) but now they just serve along with meals you order. Price definitely went up. $8-$14 most dishes and only 1 dish is $6 if you only want shredded pork skin with meats attached & steamed eggs omelette (Vietnamese style). CASH ONLY So be ready!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lu P.', '5', 'Good authentic Vietnamese food. Huge portions, decent prices. Hole in the wall feel to it, which may deter some.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Emcee K.', '4', "For years my Vietnamese friends have been telling to eat here.  When I finally got around to it, Com Tam Dat Thanh did not disappoint! The broken rice plate was incredible! Come hungry and order one of the bigger rice plates, which are priced at $12.95.  It comes with a ton of food; and the leftovers will be enough for 2-3 more meals.  I ordered #2 which includes grilled shrimp, 2 pork chops, sugarcane shrimp, grilled pork skin, and egg pie.  I should have gone all out and ordered it with an egg on top, but hey, there's always next time.  All of the meats were perfectly seasoned and cooked. Btw, most other broken rice plates are about $7.95 and come with 2-3 other meat options. For those who aren't familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, ask for the picture menu.  It's basically a photo album with a 3x5 photo of each menu item.  Also, don't forget to stop by the ATM.  CASH ONLY."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lauren K.', '4', "Apparently this place looks nicer than it did years ago. On the weekends, it's pretty popular and sometimes the lines are out the door. I ordered the com tam bo nuong, tom nuong: rice with bbq beef, bbq shrimp ($7.45). I could not even finish my whole plate because I got full off the chicken soup with onion and cilantro that they gave me before my meal. Overall, sometimes their food can be a bit dry but the coffee was good. Other than that, the food is fresh. They serve a unique type of rice called broken rice. Like I said earlier, the portions are pretty big: I couldn't even finish!!! Probably the best rice place ever."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kevin L.', '5', 'seems like I only come here once a year and need to update my review. this may be my favorite restaurant in SJ overall.  Com - RICE, too fantastic.  Nothing close in SF.   Cafe sua da too is the best I\'ve had. My favorite meat is the fried shrimp cake thing with the "foo jook (chinese)" wrap.  Awesome!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Garner K.', '4', "Very good value for money. The pork was delicious, the amount of veggies was amazing and the service was very fast. The reason i gave it a four was because the fish cakes and fish sauce were not as tasty as i expected but that's just my preference. They also dont serve pho but thats fine as they specialize in rice and vermichelli noodles."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amy L.', '3', "Went here for brunch and the food was ok. The meal was not much flavor and the soup didn't taste good, to me maybe."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'C. H.', '5', "So many options for delicious rice plates, efficient service, tasty and fresh BBQ pork chops and prawns, and extremely kind and friendly employees, most of all. This place is delicious, fast, legit, and such a great deal. Best of all is the wonderful people who run the place, greet us with smiles and chat and treat us so well. Love these people! And love the food. It's a treat to keep coming back to this place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Adam J.', '5', 'I love this place. Great food, great prices, great portions! Pros: Broken Rice, large sized portions, authentic and delicious flavors, cheap, fast, clean Cons: no decor, hole-in-the-wall feel, staff is not that friendly (but curteous)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hannah L.', '4', 'Authentic, cheap, and fast Viet food. A great place for lunch or dinner, but the only downside of the place is the predictable "CASH ONLY" policy. Boo! Other than that, not bad. I ordered the small vermicelli dish with bbq chicken and shrimp and the portion was big. Along with that, I ordered the red bean w/soy bean milk dessert which was quite refreshing. All in all, great tasting Viet food and fast service. For the price and taste, Com Tam Dat Thanh is definitely a great place to go to!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Scott F.', '4', "I tried the bun, with grilled pork and shrimp cake:  It's good.  But I don't recommend the ca phe sua da."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Henry P.', '5', 'Best,  no frills source for vietnamese broken rice! I always order the pork chop with shredded pork skin. Big plate for around $8 only. Pork chop is well spiced and juicy.  Broken rice is fluffy with a nutty tone.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jon C.', '4', "Been here numerous times.  One of the better Viet restaurants that specializes in rice plate dishes.  I dont know if this is true, but I think some of the cooks might be mexican, I was sitting near the kitchen swing doors & when I saw waiters going in & out, I took a peek & saw mexican guys cooking & preparing food.  Regardless, it's still good.  My favorite dish is the Com Tam Bi Thit Nuong with shrimp cake & egg.  The only knock I have against this place, it's not anything against the restaurant.  But it's usually crowded ESPECIALLY on weekends.  Not only that, but the parking in the plaza is pretty bad.  There will be times when you might have to circle around & fight for parking, its taken me at times 10-15 min to find a spot.  And what really sucks is that the parking spots are compact, so all it takes is for 1 person to park uneven & it screws it up for everybody, I'm pretty sure my door has gotten dinged a few times. If it wasn't for the pain in the ass parking, I'd probably eat here more often.   Back in the days, I used to come here for lunch & then head over to Xinh Xinh for some coffee & tea afterwards.  I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one that's done that, cuz I would see other patrons doing the same thing.  LOL  Enjoy the meal!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'clarence w.', '3', "I live in Saigon, so when I was visiting, a friend asked me what food from home I missed, and I said Com Tam. She took me to this place.  While its okay, the problem is that what they're trying to do isn't really a restaurant food.  In Saigon, com tam  is ubiquitous, and its almost always served as street food out of carts.  Most Vietnamese people don't go for more than a day without hitting it up.  And its like 20.000 dong ($1.65) for a plate of it.  Lunch food, really.   I suppose there's is fine, it just seems a bit like putting a hit dog stand in a restaurant and charging twenty dollars each.  I think its actually impossible to get anything that resembles good Vietnamese food outside of Vietnam, though.  If you like the food, just go there."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Abby S.', '3', "Parking here is an nightmare...it seems like half the spots in the lot are reserved for patrons of other stores/thirty minutes only.  I wasn't hungry so I got the pork spring rolls, while my friends opted for the combo rice plates. The food was alright, but I've definitely had better Vietnamese food elsewhere."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Phung D.', '4', "Came here early for some yummy Com Tam and it wasn't bad but I wouldn't say it's THE BEST either. Maybe I'm just not a fan of rice in general. We were one of the first few customers there so it wasn't packed at all, yet the parking was full already! All in all, it was not bad. No complaint from me. The service was okie, just like any other Asian restaurants. The food came out quick too. CASH ONLY! I forgot which # we ordered but it was a full plate of everything that costs $11: - Korean BBQ Ribs: very tasty & flavorful. The sauce they marinated with smell really delicious! - Steamed Egg: I thought it was okie - 1 skewer of shrimps: typical shrimps - Shrimp paste? - Bean Curd Skin w/Shrimp: it was too deep fried for me - A bowl of soup: it usually comes with a plate of broken rice"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linda Y.', '2', 'The food was so so, the service was ok. The price has gone up drastically since the last I have been there.  Com Tham Thien Huong is so much better. The price is just $.50 more than them, but worth it.  The food and decor is so much better.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Richard L.', '4', "I took a non-Asian person to this place and it apparently made them sick.  I didn't really feel anything from eating here and I believe that we ordered the same thing.  I would say that his stomach may not be used to Asian food?  Anyways I would try this place again since I really enjoyed my meal a lot."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chrissy N.', '5', "Easily the best com tam in all of San Jose. The wait can get a little long on the weekends, but trust me, it's worth the wait. Their dau hu ky is some of the best I've ever had. The service, like a lot of Vietnamese restaurants, is prompt and no frills. The food comes out quickly and is always fresh. Their nuoc mam is the perfect amount of salty and sweet.  When I come visit the Bay Area, I always try and make a stop here."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mimi V.', '3', 'Every com tam place to me is mediocore and normal. I have tried probably 3 to 4 different places that has com tam, and none has really caught my attention. Unfortunately, this place was another mediocore com tam place and had nothing special that i really enjoyed. I tried number 59, which has shrimp, tofu, pork chop, and rice. The one item that stood out to me the most was the Tao Hu Ky (shrimp tofu), which was crispy and tasteful. The portion is big and sharable.  You do leave this restaurant feeling bloated and full.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Helen L.', '4', '#37-pork chop, fried pork skin, and fish cake with broken rice, two big slices of cucumber, shredded carrots and daikon on bed of green leaf.  This time I had the sam bo leung- way too sweet. The pork chop and the BBQ chicken is the same taste.  Was way too full after the meal.  Really liked the shredded carrots and daikon.  Next time, try the vermicilli.  There might be some MSG, because after the meal, I feel very thirsty.  The meal is served so fast!  All-in-all, it is still delicious.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dorothy L.', '5', 'BEST COM TAM IN TOWN.  I also love their banh hoi thit nuong. Affordable dishes and good portions. I always end up leaving with leftovers. Nom!!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jane A.', '4', "GRUB ON DOWN!!!! (3.8 stars) Com tam is the Vietnamese version and of Silog is to Filiipinos. Its basically cooked rice with a main dish like grilled pork, chicken, and a size of pickled vegetables. One other thing there is something about Asian and being CASH ONLY. Aint with the times of technology, come prepared. - Food, delicious - Prices, affordable - Service, you know how it goes - Ambiance, typical simple Vietnamese restaurant Remember moving down to the bay, jobless, and knew nobody. I had alot of time to spend with myself to think about life and I did alot of eating at random places while doing so. This was one of them and one of them I enjoyed and went to from time to time. HEFFER-STYLE STATUS. Between $7 - $10 per plate. depends what you order. Com Tam with Grilled pork - OR - Com tam with BBQ shortribs - Those were my typical orders. Not sure what it is about Vietnamse cooked grilled pork. Always delicious and charred perfectly. The pickled vegetables really balances out the saltiness and smokiness of the meat.  Will I be back? I don't go to SJ often but when I drive through Tulley for whatever reason, I'll need to make a stop in for some delicious food. Until the next review...."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vick P.', '5', 'I dont live in SJ anymore but whenever I visit, this is always my go to place. Everything is delicious here. Ive been to many broken rice shops from sj - la - sd and this place is hands down the best.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gordon C.', '5', "Best Vietnamese rice plate I've ever eaten...hands downnn I believe in quality....But I'm also a fond believer of QUANTITY. (MAHAHA) This place has the best of both worlds...Just a janky little spot on tully Rd serving some of the most bomb ass broken rice plates you will ever eat. There plates consist of a variety of meats including shrimp, shrimp cakes, BBQ pork, and steak. As well, fish sauce on the side. On the side note: If you are looking for superb service, this is not the place for you. They literally want you in and out. But I'm okay with that... As long as I got my com tam fix."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Daniel N.', '3', 'Got number #39, the meat of the meal didnt have much flavor and taste..rice serve wasnt enough and the soup was not good. San Jose has a few good rice platter meals places and this aint 1.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jewels V.', '2', 'I ordered the number 41 but all I got was a bowl of wonton soup. Beach, if I wanted a bowl of wonton soup, I would have axed for one. 2 stars because the wonton soup was aite.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Slick D.', '1', "Whoever is giving this place 4-5 stars need to STOP!!! Worst com tam ever!! Meat so dry can't even swallow it! Terrible stop tricking people to come here with your 4-5 stars rating!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gina L.', '4', "Dirty, sketchy, rude, & smelly. All these words describe Com Tam Dat Thanh. But the food alone will make you forget that. There are flies buzzing around your table, but not even a bomb will faze the concentration on your plate. Crunchy, crispy, perfectly fried bean curd wrapped moist, peppery shrimp filling. Broken rice delicately drizzled with oil, infused with thick cut scallions. Brightly colored, neatly sliced pickles and cucumbers line the side of the plate, like little vinegar soldiers. Crispy, sweet and savory, marinated grilled pork glimmers. A bowl of warm, msg-tinged broth sits on the side to freshen your palate. At the table, a large jug - not unlike the kind at Korean restaurants for tea - is filled with fish sauce, accompanied by a jar of marinated vinegar-garlic chili sauce. You customize the perfect nuoc mam, dipping sauce, to drizzle over your plate of beauty. Perfection.  Narratives aside, some of the waiters here can be rude and cleanliness is sub-par. The marinades on the meat can get a little redundantly sweet some days, but if you're like most and prefer sweeter marinades, this is the place to go. My advice would be to get the combo so you have a lot to try: honestly the portions are pretty large so you'll have leftovers to take home. Just eat the fried shrimp cake right when it comes out - it gets soggy fast. Oh, and cash only! Love you Dat Thanh~"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'R F.', '5', 'I la la la love VIET food and this one is the best one !  combination plate, lots to choose from. comes with little cup of soup. i cant ask for more, although parking space is hard to get sometimes.  love the shrimp cake, im sure they make their own fish sauce']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'jane c.', '3', 'I tend to get marinated shrimp and BBQ pork, also delicious marinated over rice w salad. Today, the shrimp was overcooked and the meat was dry, flavorful but tough. I also got shaken beef which is new. It was flavorful, but again overcooked. I have had better and would not order it again.  The eggrolls were twice fried, so too dry.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Varian L.', '4', '"Your premier, go-to Com Tam place in San Jose ...  if you have a small car!" This place has a reputation for being the best broken rice Com Tam place in the city.  But it also has the notoriety of having sticky tables, utensils, and less-than-adequate parking spaces.  Inside of this small strip mall off of Tully Road and McLaughlin Ave., the parking lot spaces are narrow and few in number.  You may even think it\'s a bit of a hole-in-the-wall because it\'s right next to the neighborhood liquor store. If you are OK with this, expect to pay a premium for premium food.  Combination rice plate combos are nearing $13 per plate.  You can get similar offerings elsewhere, but if you\'re looking for the best com tam you can drive to, it may be worth the price.   My favorite part of the experience is there\'s a huge bottle of nuoc mam ("fish sauce") dipping sauce sitting next to you on the table, so you can have as much as you want.  Our favorite is the sweet, sugarcane "cha" (meat cake around a cooked piece of sugar cane) found in the rice combos. In review: parking spots are cramped, plates are expensive, but may be worth it if you want the best com tam.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Teresa N.', '5', "My family's and my favorite com tam place. You can get it at most vietnamese restaurants, but there is a reason why we go to Tully Rd and deal with that awful small parking lot. Cash only, I've never seen this place NOT packed. The service is quick, and cheap. The restaurant interior itself is lackluster but it doesn't seem like anyone cares!  My favorite rice plates usually have the BBQ beef, BBQ Shrimp and you can't go wrong with the shrimp cake. The nuoc mam goes perfectly with the broken rice but not too salty like I've experienced in some places. Definitely recommend checking this place out if you haven't. Need to be patient or stealthy like a ninja to get parking though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diemmi H.', '5', 'I\'m  only giving them all 5 stars, because not only was there great service, but the food was also delicious! (My boyfriend admitted, "You guys have great food." Lol, and he only says that because he is Caucasian, while I am Vietnamese.) Def one of the best Vietnamese restaurants around!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stefanie K.', '5', 'Favorite place for broken rice dishes! Portions are huge so I always share the rice plate with either pork chop or grilled chicken with the works (egg cake, fried shrimp cake, dried pork skin, grilled shrimp, and shrimp cake on sugar cane).  Parking kind of sucks because the lot is small and the parking spaces itself are  small. I hear the vietnamese coffee at the cafe in the same plaza is good to get to wash down that broken rice! Wink wink.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Helen H.', '4', "You can smell what they're cooking a block away! The meat was marinated well and the fish sauce was decent. The portion was pretty big. I recommend you sharing the giant plate with a friend if you don't want leftovers. Service is pretty quick and people are constantly in and out. Parking can be a little difficult though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nguyet T.', '5', "My family and I would drive 45 minutes to an hour to come here for their delicious rice plates. A little ridiculous but it is totally worth it. THey seriously have the best com tam (broken rice) i've ever had, besides my mom's of course. Anyways, key ingredient.. their Fish Sauce! lol It's just perfect! Not too salty and not too sweet, it was just right! Their broken rice is always so well-cooked and their meat is always fresh and juicy. Not to mention, their portion is HUGE so you definitely get more bang for your buck.  Note: My mom loves this place and she's the hardest to please in terms of food.. soo says a lot that she actually like the food here."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lyd N.', '1', "I've been here soooooo many times and brought soooooo many people here, but i'm compelled to write this review... Yes the rice is good, the portion they give for the price is reasonable, cash only, not a problem. Only problem I have is my husband found a roach in their egg cake, the  staff was informed and they had the audacity to charge him for the meal! WOW! Oh well...he paid cuz there's only one thing left to be said ....we will make sure all of our friends know about what we saw here today. See picture #56 for yourself..."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christine P.', '5', 'This place ALWAYS satisfies me! I have tried other com tam places, but this one is the best one i had so far. Sucks that i live in union city.. SJ is where the good vietnamese food is at! i would DEFINITELY recommend this place. :D']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sonny V.', '5', "My wife and I have had a lot of com tam (broken rice) in a lot of places (all over Vietnam, many of the major Vietnamese centers in the US, Paris, Frankfurt, Haifa, etc.) in our days and Com Tam Dat Thanh is probably a Top 2 in the world. That's right - better than most places in Vietnam from Hanoi down to HCMC and Can Tho. It's not the CLEANEST place int he world but I suppose that adds to the experience even if not by design. I'll order: com tam + bo nuong (beef), suon (pork chop), bi (shreded pork), cha (pork egg thing) She'll order: com tam + suon (pork chop), nem nuong (meatballs), dau hu ky (ground shrimp thing wrapped in tofu and deep fried) We'll also get an order of their cha gio (egg rolls) which are truly world class. Comes with 6, tons of veggies, and just enough bun (rice noodles). Look, just go here - it's crazy good and I don't normally give that many 5 star reviews. Kind of annoying they don't take credit cards but you know how it is with cash and cheap places like this. And it's cheap. So don't go too much or they'll raise prices. :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tiffany W.', '4', "I love Vietnamese rice plates, especially broken rice. I don't why but I do. This place is great if you're starving your balls off, or if you just want a good filling meal under 10 dollars. They give you HELLA rice. If you get to-go, you get enough rice to fill you up for three meals! If you eat there, there's unlimited fish sauce, haha, for those that like their stuff drenched!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Albert L.', '3', "With all of the horror stories about parking, we came here on Sunday morning around 10:45 AM.  That is super early for us.  We were on our way to buy buy baby, so we figured we would eat lunch first.  Parking wasn't too bad, but the spaces are pretty tight.  We saw a number of cars parked in front to pick up their orders. The broken rice combinations are good,  but it's not the best in San Jose in my opinion.  The shrimp, bbq park, and everything else was flavorful.  Prices are reasonable and that attracts alot of people.  The place is fairly clean.  The portions are pretty generous.  I would come back, but I don't think I'll be making a special trip out here.  The cafe suda was quite tasty and refreshing."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Agus T.', '5', 'best place in the bay area for broken rice with supper yummy bbq of your choices.  highly rec the spare ribs & bbq pork']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nick D.', '4', "If you want a good rice plate, at a pretty good price or value, this is a place you wanna try!  It's not the cleanest restaurant or the nicest am-beonce'.  SayWhaaaaaaat?  Anyways, it's like that hole in the wall, good grubin, lip smackin place, you might know,"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Miss T.', '4', "Best broken rice place by my home!  I always get the BBQ chicken with fried shrimp cakes and fried eggs. They give a great amount of food for only $8-9. They're fast with their service. I usually get take out and don't wait no longer than 15 minutes.  The cashier always rounds the total. So if mine is $8.13 sometimes they'll just make me pay $8 even.  What sucks is they only accept cash and their closed on Tuesdays. What a random day right? For that I'm taking out one star.  Overall, this is one of my favorite broken rice places to go to. Must try!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lolia S.', '5', "I've died and gone to rice plate heaven...and rice plate heaven is called Com Tam Dat Thanh. Even their parking lot smells fantastic...like grilled meat. The rice plates that pass you by will dazzle your eyes (pork chops seem to be very popular). They start at $7.45 and come with broken rice, meatballs, egg cake, BBQ pork, grilled shrimp, fried shrimp cake, BBQ shrimp, BBQ chicken, BBQ beef, pork chops and shredded pork skin. They're usually busy and the waiter comes to your table right away (a sign that they have many repeat customers) to take your order. Pick a number (rice plates, vermicelli plates) and add a Vietnamese beverage if desired (e.g., salted plum drink, soy milk, coconut juice). The food comes quickly. * Com Tam Thit Nuong, Tom Nuong, Tau Hu Ky (#58, $8.95 =): broken rice with BBQ pork, BBQ shrimp, fried shrimp cake. Best rice plate I've ever had. The meat is hot, extremely flavorful, and expertly cooked. BBQ pork is thin, almost like jerky but not so dry. The marinade is so good. The sweet, smoky flavor of the juicy BBQ shrimp is addictive. The shrimp cake has a thin shell that surrounds the shrimp ball like interior. The exterior is a thing of wonder - so light and crispy. Loved the tangy, crunchy pickled shredded carrots & daikon, cucumber slices, and the bowl of clear consommé. Even the condiments on the side are great, especially the pickled whole garlic cloves.  One day I'm going to get one of the $11.45 special rice combination platters. Cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Daniel N.', '5', 'My family has always been eating here. Com Tam is another great food we Vietnamese people have and I\'m pretty proud of it. Com Tam in English is called "Broken Rice". It\'s served with your choice of meat and other side options. Most will come with a fish sauce that doesn\'t sound too good but actually goes really well with the meal. Have you ever passed by this store and smelled the great BBQ being cooked here? Well, there\'s your answer. The food here is delicious and ever since i could remember always packed. People enjoy it and i enjoy it. Remember the parking is horrible so if you\'re ever in the neighborhood make sure you come a little earlier than planned to find parking because it may take you awhile. Other than that it\'s a great place to eat true Vietnamese Com Tam.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diane N.', '3', "Filling Vietnamese food with a comfort-style.  The food is good.  But it's not super cheap, so I can also say that the food is just okay.  I'd come here for a solid lunch--except, I wouldn't travel out of my way.  The cleanliness is definitely questionable.  Cash Only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amanda L.', '4', 'Good price and even better food. I love how this place gives you so many veggies and a good amount of meat in their bun thit nuong. My only issue were the sticky tables, but I can deal with it for their yummy dishes. I will definitely come back to try other dishes soon.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stephanie L.', '5', 'Ignore any bad reviews for this place. Seriously. I love that for $7 you get a giant plate of delicious and AUTHENTIC com tam and people are still complaining about service/cleanliness/smell blah blah blah. Cmon, I\'m sure half of you have been to hole in the wall Mexican places that are   but, wouldn\'t make the same complaint. For the price and the portion, you have to be seriously deluded to complain about the fanciness appeal. All you need to know is that you come to Com Tam Dat Thanh for broken rice. Huge menu and that is all you will find and I am certain that all of them are worth ordering. We ordered two plates and can say that the pork chop, egg cake and thit nuong were so flavorful and SO GOOD. The pork chop had a nice charred and smokey flavor to it and it can be a little fatty but, I\'d like to compare it to a nice marbling in steak. It\'s only good if it\'s a little fatty =D And yes, the soup has a lot of MSG but, I can\'t recall a place that offers soup with com tam that doesn\'t have MSG so, if you don\'t like it, just don\'t drink it. It\'s just a nice addition when you\'re eating rice. I have no complaints about this place and I don\'t think you will too if you don\'t come with the expectations that it\'s going to be spiffy clean and "high-end," BUT, you will leave completely satisfied with your meal.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Elyssa T.', '5', "My go to place for rice plates. I usually get #39 which is broken rice, egg cake, shredded pork, and BBQ beef. The golden rule is to ALWAYS add a fried egg to your rice plates. If not, then you are not eating a rice plate correctly! Shame on you!  Not only are their rice plates good but everything else on the menu from their appetizers to their soups are awesome as well!  This place is your typical mom and pop ambience = not much to look at. Cheap, good food and that's it. Reminder: CASH only!  So what are you waiting for? Craving Vietnamese? GO HERE."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Katie N.', '5', "I love Com Tam aka Vietnamese rice platter, this place does not disappoint- food tastes fresh and delish just like Mom's cooking.  My parents and I used to go here once a week and you can never go wrong with anything on the menu.  Services are decent, just like any typical Asian restaurants, they hardly check on you unless you holler.  Overall, one of the BEST places to eat in SJ hands down!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Angel G.', '3', "Came here with a colleague and I totally dug it. Had never had a broken rice dish before and it was very surprisingly different.  I had the pork chop and fried shrimp cake rice plate. The pork chop was so-so and really nothing to write home about but the fried shrimp cake was so good. I don't know if they had this plate but I would/could have eaten at least two of those fried shrimp cakes. I can totally understand why people would drive long distances for the shrimp cakes.   Ambiance... not much but who cares really when you have a delish food. Service was decent.  Finally this place is cash only so heads up and enjoy the food!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jason M.', '4', 'This place is yummy in my tummy! #2 BBQ pork combo plate with everything add 1 fried egg = com tam heaven The BBQ pork has a perfect char to it giving it that good grill taste.  The rice is very clean, the egg cake is flavorful.  Only thing ill change next time is ill sub out the tofu covered shrimp patty for some meat balls.  That will just top it off for me.   You get to make your own fish sauce which it fantastic when you love your fish sauce.   For $12.95 how can you go wrong']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Xander C.', '4', 'when i need broken rice, i break out to com tam dat thanh. this place is my go to place for com tam. i like to get one of the big combos at the top of the menu and it comes with a whole lot of everything. everything is well prepared, flavorful, hot, and deliciously paired with the flavor soaking broken rice.  only complaint is that it is slightly expensive considering that this used to be farmer/poverty fare.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christine P.', '4', "This is probably most people's favorite Com Tam (broken rice) place in SJ area and I can see why. Big portions, meats are perfectly cooked & seasoned, and they've got tau hu ky (deep fried tofu skins with shrimp) which is sooo good! Plus you get free soup with your order. I noticed that a lot of people have complained that it's too salty but at my last visit, it wasn't salty at all. I guess they listened to the complaints?  Do take note that this is a Vietnamese establishment, so there won't be a hostess at the front door to greet and seat you. Avoid the awkward moment where you stand at the door and everyone (staff and customers alike)  stares at you like ... ? Just pick a table, sit down and someone will bring you a menu.  I got #55 which was Com Tam Bi, Cha, Nem Nuong, Tau Hu Ky. My friend got the same thing except instead of nem nuong (grilled pork patties), he got Suon (grilled pork chop). Both were really good and there's definitely a lot of it. I could only finish half of mine and had to take the rest to-go (which was a plus since I love leftovers!) Love how they have cu kieu (pickled spring onions) and nuoc mam (fish sauce) out on the tables that you can help yourself to. Yum! Only downside is that my friend told me he got kinda sick afterwards and had to go to the bathroom several times that day. :["]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kim N.', '4', 'Broken rice and pork chops. No frills. One of those places you go for old style traditional taste. Not so much for ambiance and service.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Danster L.', '5', "I wish my mom can cook food like this. Her grilled pork and broken rice is always dry, tough, or she doesn't make it at all. However, this restaurant saves the day by being only 5 minutes from home and always has a nice smoky smell coming from it's rooftop. The food and service is quick with basically nothing but simple authentic Vietnamese rice plates. You know how authenic it is, look at the staff who cooks it. It's mainly Vietnamese moms who work in the kitchen. My mom works for a Vietnamese restauant as well but she ain't gonna cook me a rice plate as good as Com Tam Dat Thanh. The portions here are large and you do get what you order and your money's worth. Like everyone has stated, the waiters here are very good with balancing the plates and I have never seen one been dropped. One server who I see every time, he balanced 8 plates one time and I was impressed. They know which orders go to where and everything you need like chili, fish sauce, pickled vegetables, spoons, forks, knives, etc; are all at your table ready. Come here for a power lunch or when you have a craving for Vietnamese bbq pork, beef, or chicken! In addition, they also have tomato rice with shaking beef that isn't overpriced like other Vietnamese restaurants. Worth your 5-8 bucks and that's with tip included! They are closed Tuesdays and they have Sunkist orange soda, my favorite! =)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eddie L.', '2', 'The quality of the food at this place has gone down. This usually was my favorite spot for broken rice plate.  No more.  Sorry but you need to update the restaurant and better quality ingredients.  COM TAM THEN HUONG is the spot to go now.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mary N.', '3', "Huge menu, ghetto and not so great in English, but such good com tam!!!!   Came here last night w/ some friends looking for some 4star+ Viet food that we haven't tried yet.  Com Tam was here and near, so off we went.  The server seemed to have trouble understanding what root beer was, so I pointed to the drink in the menu and was able to get it with no problems.  I was surprised at how their com tam is presented.  Their nem nuong w/ sugarcane is nothing like what I usually get in Bolsa.  The sugarcane was within the nem nuong, which happened to look like a long, skinny version of a hot dog sausage.   oh, and CASH ONLY!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny Y.', '3', "This place gets 3 1/2 stars, if possible, from me. Not quite 4 stars and no where near 5 for me. People are raging this place with 5 stars but I guess it's just not my place. Or maybe I need to try other dishes and give them another chance. The fried shrimp cake was awesome. Best thing on my dish, #9. The broken rice w bi is always a good combination when mixed together with nuoc mam. Which reminds me, huge bottles of self-serve nuoc mam was cool. The steamed egg cake wasn't my favorite. A little too bland for me. Soup that came with my com was very pork-flavorful which was a plus. The place itself is dirty and very sketchy. But service was OK and price was not bad. Food came out fast -- but the walls of this place is just screaming for a remodel. Makes me a bit uncomfortable eating here because I don't even want to know how the kitchen looks like. ****CASH ONLY**** Overall, I will eventually give this place another try. Until then... what com tam place is next??"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Borin D.', '5', "One of the best com Tam I've ever tried. I had the com Tam Combination . The meat was juicy."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ngoc N.', '5', 'I am a happy camper haha this place satisfy my hunger and food quality. reasonable waiting time frame for the food. would recommended this place to anyone !!!  you must come here and give it a try. Promise you will not be disappointed :)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Richard T.', '5', "I've been coming here since I was a child.  It is the quintesential hole-in-the-wall vietnamese restaurant.  When you hear Vietnamese restaurant, you automatically think Pho.  This restaurant doesn't even have Pho on the menu.   The rice plates here are the best I've had outside of my mom's dining room.  The pork rice plate is cooked to perfection within minutes of ordering.  For less than $7, you really can't beat it.   The fish sauce that this restaurant mixes is really good.  Not too sweet and full of flavor.  I always pour a small puddle of it over my rice plates.   Five stars for food and service.  Four stars for comfort.   I recently came here one Sunday morning and it was freezing inside.  No heat at all.  Also, parking can be a real pain."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Owie N.', '5', 'I have been coming here since I was a little kid. I love their rice plate so much and the meat is just so tasty and juicy! yummy yummy! Even though the food is splendid, the service is slow and they definitely need to remodel the place. It is the same for almost of 10 years or even longer.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'David D.', '5', "The best place in San Jose for broken rice plates. They're tons of options for which kinds of protein you want with your broken rice. The grilled pork and shredded pork are a classic and my favorite combo. The fish sauce is do-it-yourself at the table so you can make it to however you like it. The waiters are pretty nice and accommodating to special requests."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Phillip M.', '5', 'Best Cha Gio rolls anywhere and the rice really does rock! In a city that has an embarrassment of riches when it comes to Asian food, everyone has their faves, so it comes down to a certain something special and this place has it.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cindy K.', '5', "On the weekends in the morning there's always a wait for a table and parking can be difficult in that lot. BUT it is worth it because the com tam here is bomb diggity!  Bad: dirty, flies every where, no AC, long waits Good: the food and the price!  You're coming to a Viet place, you know what you're gonna get!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kelly T.', '5', "You can always smell this place a mile away. Seriously, roll down your window and just take in the aroma wafting towards you. It's downright intoxicating-grilled meats and seafood. *drool* Pros -So many combinations, you can't go wrong -You can adjust how spicy you want your fish sauce to be -Food comes out quick once your order is placed -It's good food and hefty portions for cheap eats Cons -HORRIBLE parking lot, you'll be circling for awhile just trying to find a spot -craptastic service but that's usual at Viet places -closed on Tuesdays -they've run out of rice sometimes because they're that busy  I haven't found a place down here in socal that can even compare to the com tam here. I miss it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Veronica H.', '4', 'We originally came here for Pho and to our surprise they did not have any so we tried the BBQ beef and rice plate instead. I am glad that I did - it was very good. I liked the seasoning of the meat and it was cooked well - not too tough but just enough to have a good "medium" sear to it. The rice I felt was good but did not stand out to me in any special way.  One major pain in the butt is parking, the lot is small and crowded. Luckily for us, we live around the corner so we walked. If you drive, park on McLaughlin right before Tully and just walk over to avoid the hassle. Also, they only take CASH so make sure you bring some.  We will definitely be eating here again.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joyce C.', '5', "CASH ONLY!! YESSSSS broken rice.  Service average for hole-in-the-wall - not brusque but they don't give eye contact when they hand you menus/food or take your order. Decor/ambiance average for hole-in-the-wall - not dirty, serve yourself condiments and chopsticks.  LARGE portions (I had enough leftovers for next day), cheap prices. I got BBQ pork combo plate - everything was OMGsotasty (except for the shredded pork skin, just couldn't get into that). FRIED SHRIMP CAKE??? Soooo good. I would have ordered more as appetizers if I wasn't so full after eating. Don't forget the jugs of fish sauce on the table. They also give you a small bowl of broth/soup that's tasty, but it's full of MSG so maybe don't drink it...  Cheap cheap cheap food (given the amount of food you get) - why is this place so far away?"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kevin T.', '4', 'One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose and comfort foods--com tam. The portions are huge and includes a side of soup. A little out of the way from my area but worth the drive from Evergreen.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sara N.', '4', "This place has seen better days but it's still the best place to get broken rice in San Jose.  The tip is to get their deluxe plates with everything for about $15.  It's designed to be shared between two people and you get a bit of everything (over 5 items). Call ahead for togo orders so you can just pop in and get what you need."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cindy L.', '5', 'Yep.  My father did just drive the family 45 minutes just to get a meal at this place. And mind you, with the price of gas and my father being who he is, this is a pretty big deal. Rice, meat and veggies. Simple enough right? Not really. There\'s something about this place that brings my family back time and time again.  Honestly, no idea what "broken rice" brings to the dish (flavor? texture?), but this place always has patrons.  But what I can tell you is that the food is definitely delicious!  I always tend to go for any dish that includes shrimp wrapped in tofu skin, egg cake, and topped with a fried egg.  Hangover heaven, for sure.  And along with the broth served along with the dish, you WILL come out full!  They also serve vermicelli noodles, I believe, but I never stray away from what they specialize in.  Also, be sure to add the small onions to your nuoc mam sauce!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dee J.', '5', 'Com tam here is the best in town. Big portion, tasty grilled meat and the Fried shrimp wrap is delicious. Big thump up for this restaurant.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Zerrilyn P.', '5', "Mmmm my go-to place for when I crave Vietnamese food...especially if I'm craving a rice plate... The portions in my opinion are pretty generous, especially if you choose the special combo rice platters... So far I've had the pork chop, bbq pork, and bbq beef rice platters...all three are delish, but I like the pork chop the most...the rice platters come with a side of shredded carrots, daikon, onion pearls, cucumber, all laid on a bed of lettuce leaf... and that fish sauce, ah man that fish sauce...mmmm...I'm not that much of a salt person, but the fish sauce is doable haha...goes well with your food haha Customer service is good, very nice and attentive Cash only!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kenneth Y.', '4', "This is the best Vietnamese rice plate place I have been too... Before entering the parking lot you can already smell the heavy smoke of grilling meats that make your mouth watery. This is a mom and pops store and it's like the g spot for rice plates.  Looking at the pictures from the yelpers who upload it makes me hungry. I ordered a rice plate with shredded pork, egg cake, and a shrimp sugar cane.  It is super delicious and tasty.  The shredded pork is fresh and very flavorful.  The Egg cake was soft and good as well as the shrimp sugar cane, is coated with honey or some sort and it is good.  You must eat this with fish sauce!! And if you can handle spicy add some hot sauce and it will kick it up a notch! With every order, it comes with a chicken soup with fine chopped scallions and cilantro. By the way, they also serve the good Vietnamese Coffee with condensed milk.  This place's Vietnamese Coffee is bold and rich flavored not some water down B.S.  It is insanely good; I order it with my meal usually. Overall, the best mom and pops rice plate place in San Jose.  This place is packed on weekends when everyone has no work and everyone wants to have a good meal.  Notice the rice too, it's different, it is broken rice. Everything on the menu is good so you won't be disappointed. I usually recommend getting BBQ pork or chicken as the beef sometimes is a bit dry, you can go with short ribs if you like beef. -Parking- Parking can be disasters as the spots are tight and can be really full on weekends.  Weekdays are okay.  ***cash only too**"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dave N.', '4', "I'm a big fan of broken rice, and this place does it right! Portions are huge and decently priced. I got the grilled pork chop, shrimp wrapped in tofu paper, sugarcane shrimp, egg cake, and shredded pork skin. Viet food heaven! First time I went with my mom, it was awesome. Second time I went with friends because it was my bday celebration. Unfortunately a third of them hated either Viet or rice. I DGAFed and ate my food like a happy camper =D Also they don't split checks here. That second visit they did for us... but seriously... who splits checks at a Viet restaurant -_-;"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jarlin S.', '4', 'This place knows how to do a rice plate!!  Generous portion, customizable toppings, and delicious food. I especially like the grilled sugar cane shrimp paste (chao tom).']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Byron L.', '4', "Price is right.  Tables aren't dirty.  Rice is cooked well.  Pork meat is marinated and baked nicely.  Fish sauce has good strength.  Rice place comes with egg cake!  Com Tam means rice place so come here for rice plates.  Go get pho at a pho place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lily G.', '4', 'Favorite Com Tam spot in San Jose. The shrimp cake is delicious and crispy and good sized, lots of fish sauce with baby onions and chili to add to taste. They give enough rice, and a nice fried egg makes a good addition to any plate. The meat is bigger and jucier than the Com Tam Thien Huong in asian plaza. Also, quick and friendly service, came here after they had closed the other day and they still appeased me with some banh hoi and bbq shrimp/pork.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mimi V.', '4', "Mmm. I love COM TAM - broken rice. You can't go wrong with this place. My personal favorite is #37 - com tam bi cha suong nuong. Of course you can find every single combination. I like the soup on the side too.  You get your food fast, it's cheap and delicious! The people in here are really nice too.  The only thing I really dislike is the small parking spaces in the tight parking lot. It's a horrible idea to put Asians in such a plaza as a good majority of us are bad drivers..."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jackie S.', '4', "Awesome place for Vietnamese food!!! The cooks grill the meats to perfection. No wonder there is so much smoke coming out of the restaurant. I highly recommend wearing a set of clothes that you can wash immediately. You'll smell like charbroiled meats. The food was great! I loved loved the rice vermicelli dish with the bbq chicken and grilled shrimp. The marinade for the chicken was delicious, and the chicken was not overcooked. The shrimp was okay. I would skip that next time. In addition, the rice vermicelli was paper-thin. Very interesting texture. The bf ordered a rice vermicelli with beef. Again, another winner with the meat. He also had a shrimp cake which was crispy. I believed it was fried, yet tasty. The entrees came with hot soup and leeks. Hmm.. the soup tasted like canned Swanson chicken broth. Nothing special. The leeks were pretty interesting with the crispy and onion flavor. This place needs to be cleaner in order to get the full 5 stars. The service and refilling of water can also be improved. Cash only place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Connie C.', '4', 'Vietnamese food is always an option regardless of what weather you get in SJ. Com Tam Dat has been sitting in my bookmarks page for the past 5 years and Saturday was the day it can finally be marked as "Tried" in my head. It was way too hot for pho this past week, so what better way to enjoy the food than go for an option without soup! I ordered the rice plate option with pork chop, shredded pork, shrimp cake and egg cake, for $9.45! Such a good deal for so much food. It also comes with a side of soup which was welcoming since I arrived around 8pm and it was already cooling down by then. You mix your own fish sauce here with the chili paste and i love that i can adjust the spiciness. The pork chop was tender and flavorful. The shredded pork had decent chunks of meat. The shrimp cake was crispy though I would wish for a bit more flavor. The egg cake was actually my favorite. Definitely will come back to try more meats. They offer a variety of beef, pork, shrimp, chicken in different forms.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bao T.', '5', 'Definitely the best Com Tam in town. My favorite is the special plate #1. It is a large portion with six toppings. This is what\'s for "a guy". Because the portion is large, so I usually prefer having it at home because after having it I don\'t have to go anywhere and just stay home and relax. So, I enjoy the food better that way! (Ha ha!)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shan S.', '2', 'There were only 1 or 2 customers eating here. The food is getting worse than before, the cucumber is not fresh, the cashier (boss?) had a harsh face with no smile or "thank you" when taking the money.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sara S.', '5', "The best vietnamese rice plates in the Bay Area! Never fails to disappoint me every time I'm in San Jose :-D My favorite dish is rice with shredded pork, baked egg with pickled veggie mixed together."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shawn S.', '3', "Such as shame that I can't give this place a perfect 5. The food here is actually so-so. What really bothers me about this place is the fact that  the fried shrimp cake (Tau Hu Ky) is really nasty. The three times i've been here, the texture of the shrimp paste inside was very chewy, similar to a rubber taste. Tau Hu Ky is supposed to be airy and flavorful. This had no flavor at all :(. -1 star for the disappointing tau hu ky. The meats here are ok. The pork chop is so so, kind of fatty. The thit nuong here is very good, so I suggest getting this!  I would also pass on the grilled shrimp. The times I went, it wasn't cooked all the way and was still slightly raw! gross!! Oh and let's not forget parking! Its almost impossible to find parking at this place past during the weekends. If you must come here, come during weekdays either before 11 or after 2 when the rush ends.  The com tam here is ok, I just don't recommend the tau hu ky and parking is a nightmare."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Desmond T.', '5', "I've been so sheltered from Vietnamese food until I came here. I got tired of pho and had Vietnamese sandwiches a bit often. My girlfriend insisted on taking me here. Man Tully Road is always so ghetto and janky looking. The parking lot here is sketchy and I didn't feel comfortable parking here, but the food totally made up for that. I ordered the combo with BBQ pork chop, shredded pork, and shrimp cake. BIG portions. They are very generous with their servings. Pork chop was very tender and fatty. The shrimp cake was really good too; crispy, flaky, juicy. What makes this place really special is the unlimited nuoc cham which is like a fish sauce/vinegary mixture. Just lather the whole dish with this goodness all day and man you are good to go.  Best place for rice plates I've been to. Cash only. Reasonably priced."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Victor Q.', '4', "My family and I came here over the weekend and this place is promising. Their main focus are rice dishes with different combinations. I ordered porkchops with shrimp cake, egg cake, and shredded pork and it was amazing. I love the variety of items they give you and for the price, it's worth it. It's so much better than the Vietnamese restaurants here in San Francisco. So the food is great, as for service.. They were pretty nice when we were there, hopefully I will receive the same experience when I go again.  If I pass by San Jose and I am craving Vietnamese rice plate, I will drop by again!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Priscilla O.', '5', "Hands down the best Vietnamese restaurant I've been to.  I got a combo that came with Grilled pork chop, shredded pork, & egg cake.  The portions are huge, they give you like 3 bowls worth of rice. My pork chop was huge! Considering most Vietnamese places skimp on the meat. This pork chop was juicy, tender, and flavorful. The egg cake was moist & ohhh soo good. The shredded pork was awesome too. It was perfect. What made it more perfect...? Oh. the UNLIMITED nuoc cham!! I POUR that stuff over my whole plate...AND dip each bite into this stuff.  I finished everything except for half the rice, because of the sheer amount they give you...I wanted to keep eating too. cuz that rice with the nuoc cham is freaking awesome.  I highly recommend this place to get your vietnamese fix.  Downfalls: Closes pretty early, Cash only, Weird days when its open&closed"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'No H.', '4', "Total fan of this place.  Moving up from So-cal where you've got little Saigon and so many other delicious Asian restaurants around, I finally found a taste with this restaurant that I can accept!  I love their pho #43 with soup.  I make mine really spicy.  Their rice plates are great as well and I recommend the egg rolls.  This is one of the few places where the egg rolls are wrapped in the rice/spring roll wrappers (makes such a big difference in taste) and it's great.  Only thing I would recommend is, a little more updating and perhaps AC on a Hot day.  Great food for the price is the bottom line."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anna T.', '5', "I freaking love their pork chop so much.  It is so succulent and juicy.  God.  I am drooling right now thinking about it and looking at the food porn shots that I took of it.   The plates are really large so you can definitely get full sharing one plate.  If it's your first time there, you should try one of the special plates with more stuff on it.  I am definitely going back here again.   Cash only, like most Vietnamese places in Southbay."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jack N.', '1', 'Just had one of the worst com tam ever! Got my rice plate and the bi (shredded pork) had a rancid smell. The rice was old and dry. Even the fish sauce was not up to par. What happen to the days when this was the place to eat???']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Binh N.', '2', "dont' know if i'm just spoiled from all the good com tam places since moving to OC, but com tam dat thanh just didn't do it for me.  i've been coming here for years and this last time might be my last.  yes, the portions are huge...but so are the prices.  $13 for a plate.  didn't mind that much but the food was just atrocious. first, the pickled carrots were dry and had no flavor.  the cucumbers that were served looked a day old and sitting outside.  it was so dry and gross.  the thit nuong(pork) that i ordered looked like it was old meat leftover from the night before.  GROSS!  the steamed egg cake was the only decent thing that was on my plate.  that and the fish sauce are the only reasons why i didn't give this spot a one star. won't be coming back.   sorry guys, this is NOT the go to spot in san jose for com tam!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ray T.', '5', "This is hands-down one of my favorite Com Tam joints in the South Bay. Nothing fancy about this place. Just simple, no-frills, consistently good food! Portions are pretty generous (even though they've raised their prices quite a bit since I first starting coming here). I usually get the special combo with BBQ Beef Rib and shrimp cake (best shrimp cake I've had in Bay Area). It's always interesting to see how many plates the waiter can stack on his arms. Service is quite speedy, even when they are busy. And they don't blast any annoying music, which is a big plus! Parking can be tricky, as the spaces are pretty randomly spaced (some are large; some strangely narrow... as if the guy that painted the lines just eyeballed them instead of measuring). Anyway, it seems that the majority of patrons consider parking space lines more like loosely suggested guidelines than rules. Just try to park next to a nicer car than yours and hope that this deters the owner from hitting you on the way out.  Easy to spot this place from Tully Rd as you'll spot the clouds of aromatic smoke billowing up into the air like a delicious smoke signal throughout most of the day. So if you don't mind smelling a little like BBQ afterwards, are hungry, and want some great Vietnamese food, definitely check this place out! Oh, and bring cash, cause your plastic money is no good here."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Curious J.', '4', 'First time eating here and was blown away.  All of the reviews were correct...best broken rice meal in San Jose.  I had the Vietnamese egg roll and marinated pork rice plate.   The meat was cooked well, sweet and salty.  Tried the fried shrimp patty and fell in love.  One of the parts of he meal was the flavored fish sauce. I ended up pouring it over everything. Bring cash..and a warm jacket in the winter.  There was no heat.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kristine W.', '5', "I have been coming to this place for over 7 years now and I still cannot find a better com tam restaurant. If you have suggestions message me because I will gladly challenge it. ;] Since this place is known for com tam, don't expect the vermicelli dishes to be great because they are not! The com tam is decently priced and there menu offers a variety of combinations. You have unlimited chili, fish sauce and leeks at your disposal. The portions are legit and if you can finish the entire plate, you will be stuffed. Each dish comes with a small bowl of broth.  Don't expect excellent service or well cleaned surroundings as we all know Asian establishment are far from that. Who cares if the food is BOMB!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Food-Travel-Adventure A.', '3', "We went here for dinner and it was ok.  We all ordered Com since it was their specialty and their cha and meat were tasty.  Was kinda pricey for the Com.  The services were nice.  Overall, it was a great experienced, but won't be back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Engine C.', '1', "worse com tam in town ! everything is dry and pre-prepared so it is not fresh ! please don't deny it ! to prove my point, I came at 10:15am, which is around the time the restaurant is opened for business but the meat is already dry and hard to chew on. it is like eating the leftover of yesterday.. what a torture !"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny N.', '4', "They have the best thit nuong (grilled pork) ever. You can smell the delicious thit nuong when you're driving by the place! When we're in a hurry at home and we don't get to cook, we order a pound of the thit nuong and it's perfect!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mindy D.', '3', "God, this place is DIRTAY.  The com tam used to be SO good, but it I don't know what has happened ...  It just isn't the same as the good ol' days.  The pork chop with shredded pork (bi) and shrimp cake was my fav.   Just close your eyes and enjoy the fish sauce-drenched rice."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Leeann D.', '4', 'The best Vietnamese rice plates in the sj. Customer service is not the best but the food speaks for itself. Will highly recommend this place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jean H.', '3', 'Craving for vietnamese food, checked yelp and read reviews that were good so I had to try it out.  I ordered buon thit nuong chai gio and it was just ok, no frills not the best, the meat was chewy, not grilled well and my BF ordered banh hoi and enjoyed it.  The lady was very nice and saw that my BF was having trouble ordering and gave him a photo album menu which was very helpful.  I would come back just will order rice platter instead of buon thit nuong since it looks like they specialize in rice more.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tee K.', '4', "Everything was pretty good, food came out in a timely manner.  Their egg rolls are bomb.  It's made with a different wrapper than normal and crispy good!  I ordered the noodle with grill pork and shrimp with sugarcane. Meat tender and seasoned well. Also a Korean BBQ rice plate with everything on it.  Add also a side of their nem nuong which was really good though I want it less cook n more tender. It's flavor well. Their fish sauce was ok only.  I think the best fish sauce I had so far was at duc huong sandwhich shop where you can buy it in a bottle if you ask them.  Service is ok.  Only had one guy runny the place so my suggestion is to just wave and say excuse me."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'H P.', '1', 'This place was my family favorite place, but now and future I will never return. I and my wife brought a guest there on Thursday August 21 to have dinner.  The rice  plates were terrible, the BBQ pork and BBQ rib were dark,  dry and rigid like a rock.  We even could not chew it through.  When I complained to the cashier / owner, she even did not look at my face.  She just yelled to her coworker, maybe her sister:             " Meat is too dry" and expressed no emotion at all.  We were very disappointed and promised to ourselves that we would never come back.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Au N.', '5', 'I came here with my mom because of the good reviews on Yelp. The price is about $1 more than at our favorite Com Tam Thanh restaurant but the portion is also more generous. I had Com Tam Suon Nuong. The meat is delicious and thicker than other places. The fish sauce is great, as is the soup. This will be our favorite Com Tam destination.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Clarissa L.', '5', "Amazing awesome food!! I heart broken rice. Also, so many varieties of meat (or non-meat) on one dish. Very much value for $. Split the special combination plate with my housemate, fed us 2 small Asian girls just nicely! And of course, most people picked that because it was featured on the front page of the menu. It was delicious.. My friend's pork chop com tam also looked pretty good!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Allan C.', '5', "My girlfriend introduced me to this place as I am from Vallejo.  Nothing like this place where I'm from. And she doesn't even eat rice.  Best bang for your buck rice plate place.  Shrimp cake is on hit.  Porkchop was grilled to perfection.  Bowl of delicious bowl of broth help flush down food so that you can continue eating until you feel like adjusting your belt.  Even the water served tasted so crisp and refreshing.  Real authentic viet cuisine. Straight in the hood but worth the risk. Good luck finding parking though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tony T.', '1', "Let me start of by saying that this place was my favorite rice plate in San Jose. Until recently where there was a garbage piece from a bottle in my wife's plate . The plastic part from a bottle . I brought it up to the gentle man with barely any teeth and he said it was an accident and walked away. Wth? I paid but no tip. I will not be coming here for years to come . Just because we're vietnamese does not make it ok."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michael Q.', '5', 'I been here several times to get my com dat (rice plate) and I totally love this place. Especially there BBQ pork with pork skin and the egg cake.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Katherine L.', '5', "Wonderful vietnamese food! I LOVEEEE their rice plates. All of their meats are so delicious and marinated wonderfully! Their service is okay... nothing bad to mention. I like their egg and meat cakes too! My friend gets the noodle bowl every time and loves it! Their eggrolls are not as great as everything else, so I don't usually get that. I often have cravings for this place!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kim C.', '3', "BBQ chicken with shrimp cake mediocre. Not as rich and juicy as the other com tam. Prices are the same time with com tam thien. So I actually saw a roach just now as I was writing this review. Unfortunately won't be returning here and will stick with thien."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Coy T.', '5', "This place is solid!  Ask any local Viet person and they'll all agree this place is to go for delicious com tam! Just got some to go last weekend because I'm not in the area very often so I ordered two! Helped out a group of young non-viet describing the menu and pretty much told them you can't go wrong here, unless you're a vegetarian.  The portions are pretty big and you will not leave hungry!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Yoko S.', '4', "I would have ordered the combination if I didn't have an early dinner waiting and not being able to take any leftovers. I ordered BBQ pork and the shrimp cakes. The meat was very tender and loved the shrimp cakes, too."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'J M.', '5', "This is the best place for spring rolls. more than They're known for there broken rice."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Infin K.', '3', 'Good food here, Great broken rice.  Gets busy during lunch if you dont come early.  The parking lot can be a chore to park in.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'julie n.', '4', 'This is hands down my favorite com tam place! I grew up in San jose vietnamese community so I tried my fair share of different places. Parking can be a pain in the ass on the weekend since its in a small plaza. Of course its not the best part of town but thats where the best food are! The establishment can use a deep cleaning but as long as they keep on pushing out amazing food i am there. The place dosent have AC or heater so dress accordingly to the weather. My favorite is the #9 rice plate with the shredded pork and the cha.... writing this review is making me hungry. Until next time Im in the area!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bernard O.', '4', "The only reason I took off a star is because of the fact that when I walked in, I wasn't sure if I was suppose to wait for someone to seat me or if I was just suppose to just find a seat. Overall all though for the price of the meal and the food was just perfect. It was my first time there and I was very glad I tried it. They have this friend shrimp cake as one of their specialty and I believe Ill be coming back here sometime soon. Yummy food and nice people!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hana C.', '5', "They make the best broken rice dishes in the silicone valley, and probably in norcal! We usually order the combination platter #3-the fish cakes are best eaten when hot, but we always order it to-go and it's still pretty good.  Service is pretty decent, and you get a bowl of soup when dining in :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hang T.', '4', "I went to this place based on the Yelp reviews. Always passed by but never went. When I entered the place, it was completely packed. A sign that they were probably doing something right. I order the broken rice with the BBQ and shrimp.  When the plates of food came out, they looked so good, especially the ten special dishes they have. Those come with a huge amount of food. I didn't need all that stuff so I got a smaller plate. The meat was nicely cooked and tender. I enjoyed my shrimp even though it was a little burnt. The one thing I didn't really enjoy was the fish sauce they had. It is in containers located on the tables. The sauce was plain and did not taste very special. It tasted watered down.  This place specializes in rice dishes and I can see why. I would come back here."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Han N.', '2', 'Nice service and friendly people.  Rice plates are good. However, there are lots of flies, and we need to constantly ensure that they do not land on our plates.  Not sure how they keep the prepared food protected in the kitchen though. Not coming back until the solve the problem with flies.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ashley T.', '4', "Com Tam Dat Thanh is the best Com Tam place in San Jose! You can't go wrong with any of their rice dishes. My favorite is the Com Tam Thit Nuong. They are very generous with their pork and flavors. If I'm really hungry I get the egg cake and a fried egg with my rice dish. If you're not feeling like eating rice, try the bun thit nuong instead.  I can never complain about their service. The workers are always joking around with each other while providing quick and prompt service. All the condiments you could possibly want are already available for you on the table, the only thing you'd possibly have to ask for is more pickles or chili peppers. WARNING: Parking is a nightmare on the weekends!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Carolyn K.', '4', "Ohhh man, my mouth and stomach definitely had it good today. Got the #58, pork BBQ, fried shrimp cake, and BBQ shrimp. DANG, the fried shrimp cake is TASTY. So perfectly crispy on the outside, so succulent on the inside. So completely excellent! Pork BBQ was pretty standard; well marinated and not dry, etc. My only gripe is the BBQ shrimp. It's been a while since I've seen such dinky shrimp and the BBQ smokiness clashed a little with the shrimp's natural flavor. I agree with the others' who've tried it - it's a bit rubbery tasting.  Rice was great, coconut juice was great, service wasn't bad, cheap... super! PS. Parking really is a b*tch to find during the lunch rush."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'N. M.', '2', 'Talk about feeling rushed at a restaurant.  I understand the "asian quick timing" but come on now... A friend and I walk in and literally I could count to 5 after sitting and an old man comes up and says something we didn\'t understand while holding out his note pad and pen.  We didn\'t even open the menus yet... Within the first 5 minutes (we were trying to read the menu and understand what things were) we were approached and asked to order at least 4-5 times and 3 of those times were by the same man, even though we said "we\'ll let you know when we\'re ready."  As for the food, meat portion was ok, small, but doable for lunch, but very dry.  a lot of filler noodles and veggies.  Don\'t think I\'ll be back here... There are plenty of other noodle places with a little more patience.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chelsea W.', '5', "This place is literally heaven. Food comes out insanely fast and service is okay.  I've been going to this place since I was young  and it never fails to satisfy my tummy! The food is mouth watering and makes me hungry just thinking about it!  Everything I've tried here is fantastic; the place is known for com tam so don't forget to try some! It's also pretty cheap so it's great for my wallet. :o)  This place sells the best Vietnamese Rice Plates around, and the proportions are huge! Definitely stop by this place if you're ever in the area, you won't be disappointed (I hope)!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Alex M.', '5', "The most delicious rice plates in the world are here!!  A huge variety of different rice plates that come stuffed with either shrimp,shredded pork, egg cake, shrimp cake, BBQ chicken, pork chop, or grilled pork.  The broken rice is DELICIOUS! So much better than some other places.  Andre loves their broken rice to a point that he usually finishes my leftovers for me.  I find myself constantly coming back here whenever I'm in the area.   +Amazing rice plates +Cheap prices +BROKEN RICE & SHRIMP CAKE!! =) -Parking is horrible around lunch/dinner time and the parking spaces are TINY -Cash only can be inconvenient -No heater / AC , can get humid during the summer The delicious rice plates outweigh all the negatives though and this is a must try if you are a fellow avid rice plate lover."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thao L.', '4', "When you drive by this restaurant on Tully Road, you'll smell the delicious food being cooked.  I've tried broken rice dishes at other Vietnamese restaurants, but none can compare to Com Tam Dat Thanh. The bbq meat is always marinated just right. I usually get the bbq meat combo. It comes with broken rice (com tam), bbq meat (thit nuong), shrimp cake (tau hu ky), lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and some pickled veggies (do chua). The fish sauce (nuoc mam) they give you may smell funny, but boy is it yummy when you pour it over your meat and rice. I like to get my meal to go. If you dine in, you'll get a complimentary soup. My meal is so large that I only eat half and save the rest for later. Make sure you have some cash in your wallet because they don't want your autograph (no credit cards accepted). Beware of the limited parking. You'll sometimes get lucky and won't have to circle around multiple times to get a spot.  If the parking here wasn't bad, I would have given that extra star. FYI their menu is also in English."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joe Y.', '5', 'Best broken rice place hands down. Love all their shrimp choices, especially the fried shrimp paste! Each time I got there I always get the places with all three shrimp sides - Mmmmmmm, delicious! Some quick notes: -Be sure to watch for the servers and their long arms carrying multiple plates. It\'s amazing to watch their balance. I\'ve seen it so many times and it always still amazes me. -Their fish sauce is so great! Truly bottomless. It\'s so good you can drink it like soup - although you really shouldn\'t. But it\'s really that good. -This place is cash only. Even though that may be an extra step of making sure you have cash on you, especially in this "plastic" world, you\'ll be glad you went an got their broken rice!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Subrosa I.', '4', 'Pros: +   Excellent broken rice dishes (especially the BBQ pork chop) +   Generous portions +   Reasonably priced Cons: -   Cash only -   Cramped parking lot -   Grimy floors and greasy tables']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Zu W.', '5', "Ever since I ate the rice plates here, I have yet to find another place that can match up to: the variety of their menu and the delicious flavors of everything they serve.  My favorite is the egg cake. I wish they gave you 2 of those per plate but I think they only give you one to keep you craving more.  The bbq chicken, bbq short ribs, the meat ball, and the grilled pork are all good here. mmm just writing this is making me drool. I have to admit I'm not a fan of the bbq shrimp. I think that maybe the only thing not good here, but that's only one thing, no need to knock them. Love Love Love the tiny noodle layering plate served with hella vegtables. it's like really thin bun and then they layer it so it's crossed like a sheet and you eat it with vegetables, kinda like a wrap.  you can order this with meat too. Omg. so good. Vermicelli bowls here are pretty good too.  omg. just eat here, i promise you'll love it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andy V.', '5', "I would have to say this is probably the best com tam place in San Jose. That really is a high compliment, considering SJ has so many places to choose from. You can tell that it's great because the recommendation comes from the Vietnamese community, including me.  The prices are pretty cheap considering the high quality of food. It's also really cheap considering the quantity of food.  There's a lot of things to choose from, but the heart of the place is their com tam. It's great. Normally, I go with the BBQ Grilled Pork. A lot of people enjoy the pork chop too, but I don't enjoy fishing out the bone.  The sides that come with it are also good. Egg cakes, fried egg, shrimp cakes. You name it, it's great. The Bi (shredded pork) is the coup de grace. I'm usually not a big fan of the stuff, but I make an exception to this place.  Only draw back is that it's always crowded here. But that's what you expect from a high quality restaurant. Parking is also kind of a B here. They should just mow down the other shops to make room for cars. Just kidding."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linda M.', '1', "We went because of the reviews, they must have written them for them selves because the food ALL sucked. I have eaten all of this at other places and the food was good this place is awful. Nothing had any flavor or the flavor was horrible, don't waste your money."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Uerica W.', '4', 'We frequent this restaurant whenever we take the kids to happy hollow zoo. The food is delicious but beware that you will be very thirsty after eating their food. My husband usually get their special plates with broken rice. I like the mini vermicelli dishes because they serve it with a plate full of lettuce and herbs. I think I like the broken rice dishes better. It is cash only but if you forget to bring cash, there is an ATM in the store next door.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thai T.', '4', 'One of the best places for broken rice plates in San Jose. My favorite dish is Com Tam Thit Nuong. The portion is pretty large for the price. Try the shrimp also, its very delicious.  The staff there are friendly and fast, as soon as I order, I have my rice plate on my table within less than 10 minutes. This place gets extremely crowded over the weekends especially with the limited parking and cramped parking spaces. Cash only. Price range is $7 - $10 per plate, so please bring enough. Overall, food is delicious, price is affordable, service is fast and friendly. If you get a chance, you might be able to see a waiter/waitress carry 4 plates on each arm, which was cool to see. CLOSED on Tuesday.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Phuong V.', '4', 'The best rice-plate in the California (this is coming from my mom who is the pickiest eater you can ever think of. Seriously. She hate everything even Pho!) I too think its the best! But I am open to try better!  I love this place so much more than rice plates in Oakland. San Jose does Vietnamese Foods right. I mean it is the Little "Little Saigon". You can not get any more Vietnamese that the Story and the Tully area.  I don\'t remember the number I get but I usually get the sliced pork than the pork chop so i don\'t have to use my knife. I get lazy at times where I just only want to use one utensil. Let me mind you that there is a wait for rice plates! Oh What?? Yes. If you come here on the weekends, which is the usual for Vietnamese families. There is a bout a 15-20 min wait.  The shrimp on the bamboo screw is AMAZING! My favorite part. If I can only get the sliced pork and the shrimp screw I totally would. Although the other additions to the dish are rice-plate are also mighty delicious. Definitely a place to check out if you are into rice plates!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vicki T.', '5', "Food tastes delicious.  This is my go-to place for broken rice plates.  I usually get a pork plate.  My pork chop was a little over cooked but everything else as perfect.  Service is great. They are very nice and eager for your approval.  I went here with a friend, and I'm not sure if it's because he's white and has never eaten Vietnamese food, but they frequently stopped by our table.  They asked if the food was good, and if we enjoyed it.   I wouldn't order anything other dishes than their Com Tam since it specializes in it.  It'd be odd to go to Pizza Hut and ask for a Salad.  For appetizers, their Nam Neung is always made to perfection.  This place has the best dipping sauce for it.  I don't know what is in it but it's awesome.  I need to find out what their secret formula is for this.  It's amazing."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Natasha S.', '3', "Broken rice is a little dry. The charbroiled pork I got was hard and dry...so disappointing. We also ordered beef banh hoi which was redeeming. I don't think I'll be back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Patrick L.', '4', 'Had take out. Got my usual rice with shrimp and chicken. Also got the egg rolls and fried shrimp wrap. Both are very good here. Only thing, they only serve rice plates. No noodles.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'R B.', '5', 'Good portions, good food, cheap prices, fast service. One of the better Com Tam places in San Jose.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andrew D.', '4', "If you drive by this place in the afternoon, the aroma of Vietnamese food dominates the air. There is so much smoke coming out of their chimney, it looks like a factory! It just smells a lot better. I have some Vietnamese friends who swear by this place when it comes to com tam (Vietnamese broken rice dishes). They took me here on a Thursday afternoon to get some lunch. It wasn't crowded and the first thing I notice was the smell of nuoc mam (fish sauce). It was mighty strong and it cleared my sinuses! I ordered the Com Tam Bi Suon Cha (Broken Rice with Pork Chops and Shredded Pork and Pork Egg Custard). It was pretty dam good if I might say. The pork chop was tasty, lean and it had texture. I'm not a huge fan of egg custards so it was just OK for me. The shredded pork over rice with fish sauce was flavorful. I also ordered the Thit Nuong (BBQ Pork) version to-go for dinner later that evening. It was actually better then the pork chop! The BBQ pork had more flavor, just because of the extra fat and nature of the preperation. If you like Vietnamese rice dishes, this place is one of the best in the Bay Area. I will definitely be visiting here again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenna L.', '5', "My favorite. I love their broken rice dishes.. THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO! I always order the korean bbq ribs w/ the tau hu ky! I also like their pork chop. I got the bbq chicken but it was a bit salty. I LIKE IT. I like how they have a bowl of soup for you to sip on. YUMMMM.  I always go here on Sat or Sun w/ my fam bam for lunch. It's also cheap!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Derek P.', '4', 'Great food!! Fast service, this is my second time here and I am always looking forward to the next time']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gloria V.', '1', 'Horrible service and racist. I was so excited to try this place out, but had to walk out because no one would take our order. We stepped into the restaurant and sat down for 5 min. The waiter was about to take our order until he saw a Vietnamese family so he walks over to them to take their order instead. So we let that pass then we flag the waiter and he looked just at us and ignored us by walking over to another table to a Vietnamese family who just walked in. By this point I was done and just walked out.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'S Y.', '5', 'First found out about this place 10 years ago, when I was working in Sunnyvale, and still like to come back.  They have some of the best and tastiest rice platters.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diana T.', '4', 'After so many years of it being open, I must admit that it\'s still my favorite restaurant for these types of dishes. Quick and easy, reliable and dependable in quality. It\'s a restaurant that I want to introduce everyone to. It\'s cheap, plentiful, and good. What could be better! Yes, I wouldn\'t expect much for "service" but just expect that you\'ll get your food and if you need someone, just flag them down, or do the eye-stare/head-nod that I do. Parking can be a nightmare when you go during rush hour. Sometimes I just drive all the way down to Lucretia for parking, especially because the parking spots can be a little bit on the smaller side. Ever since it opened over 10 years ago, it\'s still my go-to restaurant.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jen N.', '2', "Am I crazy or has the quantity gone down? This used to be my favorite com tam place. You can smell the BBQ aroma from miles away! The portions could've fed me for days (literally). Last time the bf and I bought food here, I had ordered Korean short ribs and he ordered the grilled pork chops. They had given me a total of 2 ribs cut up and let me tell you it was almost all bones! My boyfriend got one small pork chop, one. We both got a whole lotta rice to fill up on though. They used to be so generous with the meat. What happened?? If you ask me, charging almost 10 bucks for each plate with almost no meat and a lot rice is a huge rip off. I could've stayed home and eat a bowl of rice and drizzled on some soy sauce to save money. What's sad is that I was so excited to move super close to this place. Sigh..I guess I have to drive a little further to get some decent com tam"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Edison T.', '4', 'My new go to place for com tam. Ordered the number one with a ca phe sua da ( ) and it hit the spot. The meats were flavorful, especially the nem nuong (pork meatballs). Also the BBQ shrimp was just bursting with savory juices and seasoned very well. The only let down some what was the actual rice, it was somewhat a bit dry. Solution? Use the broth and more nuoc mam yo! Definitely still a solid establishment, one that will expect me to visit more frequently.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ray K.', '5', 'Great simple grilled pork chop with fish cake. Fish cake feel like home made style.  Very simple dish, and nothing fancy. Average price is $7.45 per plate for a grilled pork chop or beef or chicken with a fish cake. Hot tea is $0.25 per person. Fish sauce in a jug place on table selfserve. Only come in one type of chili sauce, no alternative type of sauce (hoisin or etc.) There are whole garlic serve. If you love garlic definitely you love it. Overall the price is reasonable and grilled dishes excellent!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Albie F.', '5', 'I don\'t know what Com Tam Dat Thanh means in Vietnamese but if I had to take my best crack at it, I would assume it means "extremely awesome authentic Viet food."  The food was served fast, and I mean fast.  Matter of fact, the food came out before the water did!!! By far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the Bay Area, that\'s the kind of impression this place left on me.  I don\'t remember the formal names of the entrees I got but some combination of thin vermicelli noodles, egg cake, bbq chicken, or bbq short ribs should do the trick.  There was nothing I didn\'t like and a lot of the dishes share a lot of the same types of meats but it\'s really up to you what combination of meats you really want.   I would go back and try one of their entrees served on sugarcane which sounded interested and you can do without the thai iced tea because it was nothing special, just fresh out of the can (unless that\'s your thing).']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eugene N.', '4', "I'm not Vietnamese, so my review on this is totally unbiased. My Vietnamese friend introduced me to this place a few years back.  Ever since, this has been my go to place for rice plates.  I think the portions may have got slightly smaller than before, so the price/portion is not as great as before. But that is not to say an order won't make you full.  The service is typical of most Vietnamese places---little to non-existent once you get your food.  The soup included is tasteless, their fish sauce is great and you don't have to ask for it like Com Tam Thanh on Story since it is table side and you help yourself to as much as you want.  I like the egg cake here, compared to the pork cake at Com Tam Thanh on Story.  This is still my favorite place for com tam, only reason for minus 1 star is they close too early! And although the portions are slightly bigger, than my 2nd favorite Com Tam Thanh on Story, it does cost significantly more and the additional cost does not justify how much more bigger the portion is.  But I guess that's good for my diet since I'm fat."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tran N.', '5', 'I have been coming here since I was a kid and this place never fails me. My favorite dish is the com tam with shredded pork, bbq beef, and egg cake. All the meals are served with a bowl of broth.  The dishes are $7-12. Parking here can be a disaster so I would avoid peak times on the weekends.  This place is cash only, and is closed on Tuesdays.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vivian H.', '4', "This place was REALLY BUSY and packed. I got the #1.  It had so much stuff!  I loved the meatballs and the shrimp cake!  It also had grilled shrimp and sugarcane shrimp.  I never ever get rice plates, but you can't order anything else when you come here.  I loved the bulbs of onion, or whatever it was.  The shrimp cake was HUGE.  The waiters can carry four plates on one arm. Cash only!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Penelope K.', '4', "The coolest thing about this place is watching the servers carry FIVE plates on their left arm, and two on their right arm, simultaneously. So much skill! I'm very impressed, and also a little sad that they would never hire me because I would trip and spill all 7 of those plates if I tried.  So besides the impressive serving, the food is also just as amazing! I got number 13, which is the rice with BBQ chicken and fried shrimp cake. My parents, sister, and her bf also got the rice platters. I have never been dissatisfied with anything I've ordered here. There's really something for everyone! For each meal being under $10, they give you A LOT. Of course, I finished it all (but that's just me...), but for those that can't, they'll give you a box so you can take it to go! And lucky you...I wish I could have leftovers for later. Alas, I have to make do with ordering a second order for dinner.  Every time we go, there is a wait. Don't forget to write your name down on their clipboard! Fortunately, you'll get called pretty fast. Enjoy!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Enza P.', '4', "My Cantonese boyfriend was absolutely sure that this was the best Com Tam place ever. Since I'm Vietnamese, I was absolutely skeptical and obviously had to go find out for myself! We came here for lunch and decided to order the biggest plates they offered. I got the Com Tam Dac Biet with Beef. He got the Com Tam Dac Biet with Pork Chops. Dac Biet meaning the plates that were about $13 that came with ALL the sides. I really was under the mentality I could finish my plate, but the plate totally kicked my ass. FAIL. Our plates came with a fried bean curd shrimp cake, egg cake, grilled shrimp on a stick, pork with a piece of sugar cane in the middle, and fresh veggies. All of the sides were delicious!! I don't know which one was my favorite. I took a little bite out of each side and traveled around my large plate clockwise so I could get even distributions of flavor :D My plate definitely defined the word variety, as well as awesome. I was able to finish a little more than half before surrendering. Overall I really enjoyed the food here. I like how they keep a bottle of fish sauce at your table so you don't have to wave anybody down for refills. The service is standard Vietnamese - meaning: don't expect anything! I would definitely come back here in the future. I think I'll dub this place my 2nd favorite Com Tam place for now. I have to go back to my original favorite place for a final round of taste testing!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ellen N.', '5', 'Best place to get a rice plate or "bun" rice noodles.  Their egg rolls are very delicious, its a must have if you come to this restaurant.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jay-Tee L.', '5', "There's nothing I'd complain about this place for what it is:  excellent broken rice plates @ a basic vietnamese restaurant that specializes in broken rice plates - service was efficient, food came out fast and it was extremely delicious!  It is not 'cheap' per se but for what you get, it is still excellent value.    Bottomline:  I'd give it a 4.5 stars (I'd prefer friendly service not just efficient) - but decided to bump it up to 5 because again, for what it is, probably best that I have had!   What we ordered:   (1) #20 -- shrimp paste with sugar cane, bbq chicken  (2) #56 -- shrimp cake, egg cake, pork chop, shredded pork  (3) 1 egg roll  Everything was delicious but here's how I'd rank my preferences... Shrimp paste with sugar cane and pork chop were the best items -- it was juicy, tender and unlike anything I have had before.  I thought the shredded pork and egg cake was comparable to vung tau's and the bbq chicken was delicious but not super memorable and the shrimp cake, compared to the shrimp with shrimp paste with sugar cane, was not as special.   The egg roll was definitely good as well - but given the broken rice plate was so yummy, this is probably not a priority item for ordering next time.  The broken rice itself was also great - we are normally not big carb eater but managed to almost polished off the whole plate of rice - which is like 5 days worth of our carb allowance - this is just to show how much we enjoyed these rice plates. Will definitely go back!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Susan L.', '5', "My family LOVES this restaurant. There's always a wait when we arrive and the parking lot is always jammed pack. This is where we go to get all our Com Tam in San Jose. Be careful though because they close on one of the weekdays...we keep forgetting which day it is so we keep driving there to find out its closed. The food comes out hot and its well marinated. You get a bowl of broth to go with it. The tau hua ky is oily of course but its quite tasty. If you just order the suong, its a good portion. I usually don't finish off the rice and meat so my dad helps.  Remember to bring cash. There's a lottery store next door so its a tradition with my family to drop by there after eating broken rice. I never win any money so I have no idea why we keep doing it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vincent C.', '4', "Four stars because my 5-star com tam place is reserved for Com Tam Thien Huong at the Grand Century mall on Story road. Although I think Com Tam Thien Huong has an edge over Dat Thanh for both taste and cleanliness, you won't go wrong if you come here for broken rice. Meat is still far superior to your average broken rice place. Better at Com Tam Thien Huong: beef (delicious), chicken, shrimp cake (way better), broth (way better), shredded pork, walking distance to Bambu! Better at Dat Thanh: Pork dishes, grilled shrimp (not sure if they have this at Com Tam Thien Huong)."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lynette C.', '4', "Just had the broken rice and bbq pork plate w/ 2 egg rolls. It was good. I have been to the one on Story road and figured this one is closer to my house so I would try it, since my go-to Viet place didn't have my usual. The bbq pork was good, the egg rolls were good but way, way over fried. The pickled veg wasn't pickled (not sure if it was because it was early or they just don't do it.) I would recommend this place and probably go to again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cat N.', '5', "The best broken rice plate in all of San Jose, California, possibly the damn world. It's simple, but it's done to perfection.  Their barbecued pork/thit nuong is so yummy. eughh. All of the flavors are on point, it's just the right amount of food, and great prices. It can get super crowded, but they work their way down the list quickly."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stephanie N.', '5', "Du ma... This place is the g-spot of all com tam a.k.a. Vietnamese broken rice plates. I could just com (rice) thinking about eating here right now!  The aroma just walking up to this place can seduce your hunger. This broken rice haven is dead smack in the middle of Eastside San Jose where the deer and the Asians reign. Come here on a busy day (weekends usually) and find yourself transported back to Vietnam. The parking in this place is icky but it's totally worth it. Upon being seated, I feel like I'm being teased. I see all the delicious plates being brought straight from the kitchen out and I just want to judo-chop one of the waiters to snatch a plate. The menu conveniently in Vietnamese and subtitled in English. I zoom into my dish which is the com tham ga nguon (broken rice with marinated grilled chicken). My eyes begin to water as I think about it... Upon ordering my dish, I also order a side of the nem nuong (grilled meatballs) and cha gio (eggrolls). I'm anticipating my foreplay that is the small bowl of soup that comes out first. I promptly speed this rendezvous up by cleaning all the utensils and dishes as this hole-in-the wall spot isn't what I would consider a high-quality restaurant. I get my fish sauce and pickled diakon ready for action. My plate arrives and I'm ready to go. Each bite sends me deeper and deeper into bliss. The chicken morsels melt in my mouth. The rice is perfectly broken. My daikon gets tossed everywhere as I'm com-ing away. The fish sauce isn't too sweet or too lemony. Wash it all down with some soda chanh (soda lemonade) and life is grand.   Overall, I'd be happy to let this place bring me to broken rice ecstasy back... Bow chicka wow wow! P.s. I gotta leave cash on the dresser because this house of com only takes cash. :P"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mai K.', '5', "One of the BEST broken rice plates in the bay area! This is a must-try place if you're in the area. The portion is huuuge for the price. Cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nga N.', '1', "My husband and I came here because of the good reviews. However the experience was awful. We ordered com tam, and not only the taste was not authentic (we're both native Vietnamese), but the meat was also not fresh. We could feel the stinky smell of the meat, and couldn't finish our plates. The place overall is not sanitary either."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lynn C.', '5', 'This is my favorite rice plate place!  Reasonable prices and good authentic Vietnamese food.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Agent X.', '4', "Another dreadful plaza with a lot filled with customers desperate enough to create their own parking spots.  I can't blame them though.  The rice plates at this restaurant are amazing.  Rice plates are almost never appealing enough for me to order them, so  I normally opt for the vermicelli noodles or one of the soups.   I made the right choice because my rice plate was awesome.  Broken rice, BBQ pork, BBQ shrimp, shrimp cake, and all the nuoc mam I can pour made me a happy girl.  I've never seen a restaurant place a huge bottle of nuoc mam on the table along side of the other condiments like chili sauce, hoisin sauce, etc.  Since I normally ask for extra nuoc mam, I really appreciated this big bottle of fun that every table had."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nathan W.', '4', 'Great no-frills Vietnamese... I had the #77 on a recent visit, which is bun with shrimp and shrimp cake. The marinated shrimp were juicy and succulent, and came on a skewer. The fried cake was crispy and flaky on the outside, and spongy on the inside. Different, but delicious. Nuoc mam is available in large containers at every table, so you can add as much or as little as you need... The service is minimal, which is often the case in places like this. The restaurant, bathrooms included, is clean. Parking is a definite issue, as the restaurant is in a strip mall with a tiny and too-crowded parking lot. Worth a visit, though...']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jen H.', '5', "I give it a five star b/c I stopped in once, forgetting to bring ENOUGH cash, and I had enough to buy 4 items, but i was short like $1. The cashier was nice enough to let it go. All their meat is well marinated and delicious. I would not recommend the Korean BBQ b/c it is way too greasy. It is definitely the best Rice Plates (Com Tam) in San Jose, and there are many rice plates restaurants in Sj.    Warning:  *CASH ONLY *Portion size is huge *Typical Vietnamese Restaurant cleanliness, but the food is delicious, so I don't mind"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Alyssa L.', '2', "The food was yummy...up until I found the one major issue with it. A hair in my rice. I was going along just fine, eating my yummy plate with chicken and shrimp & then all of a sudden I picked up a bit of rice on my fork & it was attached to more rice that was hanging from it...connected by a long black hair. This was disgustingly disturbing because the food had been delicious up until then. The tea had been refreshing, the soup had been seasoned perfectly, and the chicken and shrimp were both sweet. But there is no coming back from a long black hair in the rice. Not only is that disgusting but it's highly unsanitary! It shows that either the chefs are not wearing hair nets or the waitresses are not putting their hair back properly. Either way, it's unprofessional and I will not be returning."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joycelyn L.', '4', 'Supposedly known for their broken rice plates, and I agree they taste good. At Vietnamese restaurants I always order the com thit nuong and at this place it tasted pretty good.  I like how you can mix your own fish sauce here.  The dish was also cheap - only 7 bucks.  Service is good and the servers are really nice.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christopher G.', '4', 'Way too expensive but the food is very good. The rice plates are to die for but not for 13 bucks a plate. I was blown away but it was very pricy. The customer service was pretty fast. I really like how they instantly knew that we wanted water. The vietnamese coffee was not strong and not as good as some places so I would just stay with the rice plates.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Trevor N.', '5', "The real deal best rice dishes something like 70 versions of it. How to know if it's good is the details like broken rice, lightly cooked oiled chives on top and juicy shrimp cake with side of broth..they only take cash right there is a sign of old school ...place is always packed and they make their pickled baby onion on premise."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shel N.', '5', 'Asian owned and hole in the wall, so say goodbye to good service and cleanliness. However great food with a good portion to it!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'L P.', '5', 'Love places that remind me of home cookin. This place just pleases my belly! :) I ordered rice plate with BBQ pork n shrimp with shrimp cakes and an ice cold sam Bo loung to drink.. Yum!!  Thank you cousin for taking me. Sunday lunches are so satisfying with your choices!! :)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Richard H.', '4', 'portion was huge, food seemed fresh, cheap. broken rice plate was bomb, service was alright, good place to go for lunch hole in the wall place that gets the job done and leaves you with a smile on your face.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ha N.', '5', 'This maybe very un-Vietnamese of me to say but I hate fish sauce. I actually hate all Vietnamese sauces... and yess that includes the peanut sauce people love so much. With that being said, I never dip my food or drizzle fish sauce in my food ever. So sometimes, most of the time, Vietnamese restaurant food is a bit bland for me. But at Com Tam Dat Thanh, the meat is perfectly marinated and the hot scallion oil on the meat is fantastic. Nothing beat a plate of broken rice, perfectly marinated meat and a cold sua dau nanh (soybean milk)  Best com tam (broken rice) EVER!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Morgan P.', '4', 'Ever seen a guy balance SEVEN large plates of food on ONE arm?  Com Tam Dat Thanh has a waiter that can... and does... multiple times per day. Not to mention the food is absolutely delicious. I\'ve been coming here with my parents and sister for years and not once, have I been disappointed. This place serves a huge selection of rice platters ranging anywhere from $7 - $13. Their dishes each come with a generous serving broken rice (not to be confused with whole, white rice) and a small handful of pickled vegetables, as well as many different choices of meats and sides.  They also offer bowls of Vermicelli, Tiny Vermicelli, and just sides on their menu.  In terms of meats, they have: Beef Chicken Ribs BBQ Pork Pork Chops Friend Chicken Wings Meat Balls Shrimp And for sides, they offer: Egg Cake Egg Rolls Shredded Pork Shrimp Cake Friend Egg (sunny-side up) Shrimp on Sugarcane *some meats and sides are inter-changeable between the 2 categories The menu provides "mixed-and-matched" results with these options so there is bound to be something on there that fits everyone\'s desires. The one down side is that the menu does not provide EVERY possible mix-and-match result and there is no "Create Your Own" option. Similar to other Vietnamese restaurants, you have the option of mixing your own fish sauce with the provided ingredients available on each table, giving you full control of how much sauce you choose to add to your dish and at what flavor. Rice platters also come with a small bowl of soup. But it\'s really not comparable to the platter itself. I live 40 minutes away from San Jose. But sometimes, I\'ll go down to San Jose with my family just for the food. I have 2 favorite restaurants down there. Com Tam Dat Thanh Restaurant is one of them.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Steven L.', '5', "Absolutely amazing place for com tam.  Their portions are great and they leave huge bottles of fish sauce out for you to use unlike those other com tam places where they just give you a small bowl and that's it. Their prices are cheap and the portions they give you for it are very generous.  I suggest anyone who wants com tam to try this place out!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Annie S.', '4', "LEGIT VIETNAMESE FOOD. I have some Vietnamese blood in me - and I always have a hankering for Vietnamese food. No, not for pho, but for some legit ass rice plates or vermicelli noodles with sweet and sour sauce. And since I go to school in San Jo, it's only appropriate that I'm eating Vietnamese food here. So, on a Saturday afternoon, my friends and I were starving since we didn't eat anything that morning. The stove was broken so we couldn't cook anything to eat, and microwavable food was undoubtedly out of the question. We debated whether we should go grab a Vietnamese sandwich from my new favorite place (Huong Lan) or some Jack-in-the-Box since we're all pretty broke. But luckily, one of my friends suggested this place since his dad liked the food here. My friend and I split an order of BBQ Chicken and Shrimp over rice.   ($7.25) It came with a few slices of cucumbers, sweet shredded carrots, and lettuce on the side too. Perhaps to make lettuce wraps if one wanted to(?) Portions were pretty reasonable. However, my other two friends both order #41 (BBQ beef and shredded pork skin?) with a friend egg on the top. IT LOOKED SO APPEALING, oh em gee. Anyway, I was satisfied with the entree I got. The rice was short grain - which is something I'm not used to. It tasted funny to my taste buds, but still good nonetheless. My suggestion: Scoop some of the sweet sauce, (located on the table counter) mix it with sriracha sauce, and pour it over the rice - you won't be sorry. I contemplated if I should get the red bean drink with coconut milk but nah, I resisted it. I was satisfied with my free bowl of soup instead :) I don't know what it's called but it was yummy. All four of us got a free bowl of soup even though I split an entree order with my friend. Awesome!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shannon L.', '4', "Another trip to Tully.  So far all the restaurants I've gone to on this street have been excellent and no, I haven't made any trips to shady Vietnamese cafes.  As I stepped in and sat down, I noticed a good amount of Cantonese families eating here.  That's so awesome!     Onto the food...very good com tam!  Actually you can't really get anything else because 90% of the menu consists of these broken rice dishes. I picked one of the combos from the right side of the page (#56?) which included shredded pork skin, shrimp cake, bbq pork chop and egg cake.  It was a LOT.  Even when I tried to finish it all, I just couldn't.  For a girl my size, next time I will get a combo plate with 3 items.  The bf got one of the $11.48 combos and he was stuffed beyond belief--they literally include 7 items on there.  Out of all the items I got, the shredded pork skin & egg cake were my favorites.  The egg cake wasn't over steamed at all and the pork wasn't dry--these are faults I find other restaurants often have concerning these two items.  The bbq pork chop was sweet and tender.  All dishes come with a side of chicken brothy soup topped with green onions.  Yum! Although I thoroughly enjoyed my tasty dish, I got sick of the sweet glaze they use on... well everything.  I do like that they load up your rice and meat with green onions."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'LeeLee C.', '4', "This place is crowded! It's a good sign because that means it has good food, but the plaza's parking situation isn't ideal and besides narrow spaces, it's always full. One more draw back, the place is cash only.   The restaurant mainly serves broken rice dishes and the menu can get quite eye spinning as it is such a mix and match of a few main items: beef,  pork chop, shrimp cake, egg cake, shrimp on sugarcane and pork skin.   All BBQ grill items taste good and you can always order to add a fried egg on top."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jamie J.', '5', "This place is DA BOMB!  My co-workers bought me some food from here and it was awesome!  Then I thought that it might be just that one time, so I actually went to the restaurant to try it again.  It was good the 2nd time... and the 3rd.... and.... well, you get the idea.   Keep in mind that this isn't a normal Vietnamese-type pho restaurant.  These guys specialize in rice.  They have rice with anything you want.  Heck, they might have rice with rice!  =)  The first 6 items listed in the takeout menu (strangely enough, it's listed as 1-7 with 6 missing) are special rice combos.  These combos are HUGE!  It's probably good enough for 2 people.  Who am I kidding?!?!  I ate the whole thing!  But really, these first 6 items have about 6 different things that come with your rice.  Not only that, but they all taste great! In order to enjoy this food though, you must deal with the parking lot situation.  It's not good.  The spaces are cramped and it can get crowded.  I usually go on a weekday after work around 4pm and it's still good.  However, the weekend is another story."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Trang T.', '3', "This place use to be my go-to place when it came to eating Com Tam, until i discovered Com Tam Thien Huong on Senter.  Yesterday my brother and i came here because Com Tam Thien Huong was closed and I must say this place has gone somewhat downhill. Or at least it wasn't as good as I had imagined it to be. I got my usual, Com Tam Suon Bo Dai Han w/ Tau Hu Ky (Korean BBQ with fried shrimp cake?) It came out fairly quickly, 3 pieces of meat dumped with a cornucopia of oily onions. Not a lot of meat considering the amount of rice they give us. Each rice plate comes with a bowl of soup/broth which is probably my favorite part. When i went to sip on it, i found myself HUGELY disappointed! It was sooo bland and tasted like water. Food is good but not the best com tam i've had. Most of my meat consisted of more fat than there was of meat. Its obvious the restaurant is dirty, the tables are ALWAYS sticky no matter how many times i try to wipe it. Price is decent, $7-10 a rice plate depending on what you get. They accept CASH ONLY however there is an ATM conveniently located next door inside the liquor store.  Service. They work pretty efficiently to get you seated, take your order, get your food and let you be on your way. Don't expect anything above and beyond cause well, its an asian restaurant."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Peter L.', '4', 'Not sure if there are that many "broken rice" specialty places around, but this place is famous for their rice plates. Sure you can go to sit-down restaurants and get them, but it\'s not as cheap - and sometimes you just want a noodle-housey place. Their items are generally good and the added shrimp-cakes sure takes the cake (excuse the pun). You\'ll get full with whatever size rice plate, and get your daily dietary food groups too boot! Half a star for the easy to find location - right off of South 101\'s Tully Rd. Another half star is for the VNese cafe in the same shopping center. So, this place really deserves three stars, yeah?']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chris D.', '5', "HUGE fan of this place! I absolutely love broken rice dishes which this place specializes in. They have a few other types of dishes, but for the most part, people order their rice dishes. The amazing thing is that there's a waiter that will deliver dishes to the customers and he will literally line up his entire arm with dishes from his hand up to this shoulder! I wish I took a picture cuz it was amazing!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Alfred Y.', '4', '"Broken rice", is what "Com Tam" means. I\'m shamefully short on culture, but that\'s not the extent of my lesson on Vietnamese cuisine. I also learned, like a naive five year old, that they\'re pretty big on sugarcane.  I ordered #22, the bbq beef ribs, with sausage encasing a slither of sugarcane in the center. The dishes were simple and the menu was extensive enough to have something for everyone here. All of this food is far from gourmet, but that\'s not what Com Tam originally came to serve. Broken rice was usually discarded in favor of the larger kernels, leaving it for the less fortunate. Fortunately for us, saving the unwanted stuff has spurned restaurants like these.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Misha T.', '4', "I'd heard so much about this place that i was sort of expecting the world, and not to say that it wasn't pretty good but it didn't really change my life. I got the super meatball combo that basically comes with everything. It was 12 bucks which isn't exactly cheap but it certainly was enormous so i can't really complain i suppose. i still like Com Tam Nhu Y a bit more but if i was in the neighborhood i wouldn't hesitate to rock out at Dat Thanh"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny P.', '4', "The food was pretty damn bomb! I ordered the grilled pork & shrimp rice plate. It was so good! I always pour the sweet fish sauce, & plentyyy of it, over everything. & I usually never finish my meals, but this one, I ate it ALL. & I was the first one to finish my plate. I felt like a fatty, :)  It was that good.  I went with my mama & relatives. They ordered rice plates with more stuff on it, like shrimp pattie & other stuff I can't remember. But they said the sides weren't all that good. That's why I just stick to the grilled pork with muchhh sweet fish sauce. The place is pretty big, & when we arrived, there was already a bunch of people there. Guess they're popular, but now I know why."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'starrynight c.', '5', "Best broken rice spot in the bay area - lots of great food for very low prices.  The service is as you expect it at places like this, quick and efficient.  You're not paying for much, and all of that goes to the yummy food!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Victoria N.', '4', 'Right as I was entering the restaurant, a homeless man approached me for some money for a "banh mi". I felt sad but then thought about how I was going to enjoy some delicious Cam Tam. The food is excellent, the restaurant is clean and the service is good. I ordered the com tam with bbq rib, shrimp on sugar cane skewer and egg cake. Everything on my plate was flavorful, especially the bbq ribs. It was exuding juiciness and taste.  Portions were reasonable. I paid about $10 for a big plate that came with a side salad and soup (which is basically just warm chicken broth).']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mitch W.', '4', "After flying into San Jose Int'l Airport, my aunt, mom, and I ate at this restaurant on a Saturday lunch. When we got to the parking lot, it was crowded, so we had to search for a parking spot.  Once we got inside, we put our name on the waiting list.  The restaurant was full and had about 10-15 people waiting.  All Asians which we thought was a good sign. Once we got a table, we ordered (tried to order) with a waitress, but we had to point at the item we wanted since she ONLY spoke Vietnamese.  As we looked around, about 90% of the people in the restaurant ordered a broken rice dish. I tried their vermicelli with BBQ Beef and spring roll.  The beef was very tasty, but had a few pieces that I couldn't eat (due to fat or something chewy/tough).  The spring rolls were very good as well.  My dish was reasonable at $6.95. Overall, an excellent restaurant for the food, so go try it.  There isn't much atmosphere and service was good, but I'm sure it's better if you can speak the language. Our lunch neighbor who was Vietnamese told us that the restaurant is busy all the time since Vietnamese eat similar items that this restaurant serves for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  There was one item (shrimp cake I believe) he said was the best in the nation and only this restaurant and one in Orange County serve it equally good.   Cheers!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Danielle S.', '4', "I'm sorry. Asian parking lots AIN'T crackin'.  This place is though, esp. during lunchtime. You know a good viet place if there's hella viets around. And there's always hella Vietnamese people around here.  Service is a 4 on the Asian waiter service scale, cause, ya know. Asian service tends to suck (admit it.). The free soup they give you is flavorful, a big plus, and their food. Mmmmm. Better-than-good vermicelli (BBQ beef with egg roll), and my BF ordered this the small rice noodle plate with BBQ beef and BBQ shrimp. It's a little peculiar, the noodles are really really thin and all stick together, but it's really really good. Better than their vermicelli, even. I'll definitely be coming back, this place is near my house! Oh, and if you ain't got cash, there's an ATM at the liquor place next door. Please go there with cash, however. Do yourself the favor."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Huey N.', '5', "I've had rice plates from a few different places over the years, but this has to be the best to date. It was a lot of food and was reasonably priced. The beef short ribs weren't chewy and the shrimp cake was really crispy. My only gripe might be the sugar cane shrimp. It was more peppery than I'm used to and felt a little pasty, but I shouldn't complain because they gave a lot of it. The broken rice soaked up all of nuoc mam and meat juices. Drool. Next time I'm going to order it with an egg."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Catherine W.', '5', "I don't think I've ever had broken rice plates better than here! Their menu is so extensive and you just can't go wrong with anything you order. Their plates are large! It comes with a side bowl of hot soup. You make your own fish sauce at the table, that way you can make it as spicy as you'd like. I really recommend the fried shrimp cake, the egg cake and the meatballs. Although, I liked everything that I've ever ordered here. The service is VERY fast. We were seated within a minute even though they were really busy. It helps that their food comes out lightning fast. It makes the turnover a little quicker. The only bad thing is that their restaurant isn't the cleanest. Tables and chairs may be a tad sticky, but the quality and taste of their food pushed my review up to 5 stars."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mekeke K.', '2', "The broken rice had changed a bit it doesn't have the crispy tasty pork skin anymore and the fish cake lost the yummyness , overall still ok but we miss the over all yumyness on very bite ."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rose W.', '4', "Come HERE for the BEST Vietnamese rice plates in San Jose! :) Sure, it's pricier than most casual Vietnamese restaurants, but that's because they give you enough for TWO PEOPLE per plate (but it's not like you'd want to share it anyways, because it's really THAT good!). Any broken rice plate: 5/5.  The service is okay, and the place is actually like most pho restaurants, where they could potentially sit you right next to a huge family, like sharing a cafeteria table with a different clique of kids in high school. Not good for a romantic date. Ambiance: 2/5."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Navy C.', '5', "If you want to eat like a champ, get the number 56. Best com tam in SanJo. I usually like going here, but the past times I've gone the worker guy keeps telling me that I look familiar. And I'm like how weird, I come here but not that often. Kinda creepy, but it's funny."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Minh N.', '5', "Good ol rice and whatever meat you want. Always flavorful and delicious! Can't go wrong with any of their selections of meat. Service isn't on the best side, but the food definitely makes up for it. I always try to add an egg just for kicks every now and then. Just be careful when they give you soup it tends to slide around mysteriously lol."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Agnes L.', '4', "So many choices! It took several minutes to figure out which combination would satisfy and ended up with a grilled pork chop & grilled shrimp plate.  For ~$8, everything was so tasty! I must have also eaten at least half of the container of pickled leeks on the table. It is sorta dirty and the tables seem kinda sticky from not being properly wiped down? Yes. Is the food good enough to overlook these things? Yes. It's a really great deal for a rice plate that's a bit different from your usual Chinese or Hawaiin stuff!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chris M.', '4', 'I came into Com Tam Dat Thanh by mistake via Yelp. I just started a new job and searched on Yelp for a good Pho\' restaurant near my work with a Filter for "Highest Rated." I do not speak Vietnamese; maybe if I did, the name of the restaurant could have given me a clue that their specialty was rice dishes? Not sure... I walked in, sat myself, and the server came quickly with a glass of water.  I ordered my usual, Pho Ga (Chicken Pho) and was informed by my server that they did not serve Pho here. He explained their specialty is rice dishes. He was nice and informative of the menu items. I was embarrassed and said "oh I\'m sorry, I just need one minute and I\'ll pick something off the menu" I looked around at neighboring tables and everyone\'s food looked delicious.  In case you don\'t know me, I eat a lot of chicken. I love it! So I decided to have the BBQ chicken. My plate arrived quickly (which is great because I was on a lunch break) and it looked really good! Along with my chicken I had rice, fried crab cake (awesome bonus!), and a side of cucumbers and carrots. Everything was delicious, service was prompt, and I was in and out quick enough to get back to work on time.  I plan on coming back, probably bringing my girlfriend, and if we continue to have a good experience here, I will update it to 5 stars.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vince N.', '4', "One of the best Com Tam places... Every time I visit San Jose, I have to make a trip to eat here. The food is tasty and flavorful.  Portions are extra large and for the price a great value. The wait can be long for lunch so come early or after the lunch rush. Don't expect a fancy restaurant. This is a place where you eat and move on your way. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thomas P.', '5', 'Do yourself a favor and eat com tam at a place that specializes in com tam rather than gathering a group of friends and shouting " OH GOLLY LETS GO EAT SOME COM TAM AT PHO #35."  This is hands down the best com tam my mouth could ever imagine. If I was in a dream my com tam wouldn\'t even be as good. wOAHHH Calm down dude why are you so hyped about this little shack of a restaurant that sells com? well because nowhere else can I indulge myself in and immediately smile when my taste buds meet with the food. Its kind of funny.... I get so happy every time I see my plate coming out. Anyways my two favorite things about this place 1. TAU HU KY wat? Tau Hu Ky is fried shrimp cake which is :l~ ( mouth-watering good) :D 2.  COM wat? That\'s rice. The reason why I like the rice here so much is because its always fresh and hot. It just....... it almost feels like it melts in your mouth.. anyways so far this is my favorite restaurant on the planet. I grew up eating here and it\'s funny to see the exact same people after many years (10+). my mouth is waterrrrrrrring.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jonathan S.', '5', "First off, this is one of the best places for com tam in San Jose. This is my aunt's spot for com tam and so we wanted to see if it is better than it was 5 to 10 years ago as this restaurant has been around for 20 years. I came here with my mom, my grandma and my aunt a few weeks ago. The place has gotten cleaner compared to a few years ago. The food is exceptional and the com tam is still the best in San Jose and the prices are very affordable. I have been to many com tam places over the years but this one is on the top of the list. I cannot wait to come back here!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jason L.', '4', 'Came here for the combination broken rice with BBQ Beef and a whole bunch of goodies. Also came with a side of free soup. Waiter was an older man who was super nice. I love it when they make it seem like they actually do appreciate and want our business. Large portions, decent price, and the food is pretty good.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tony N.', '5', 'This place is always busy. You can smell them from the street on Tully or McLaughlin. Food is generally good a majority of the time.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diana L.', '4', "Yay, been back like three times already and given the sketch area and the fact that I don't live anywhere near here, damn. Gimme mah broken rice :D Still good... make the chili paste with the fish sauce and daikon omg.... bliss... with the MSG soup *BAM*"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anthony C.', '4', 'Best place for Com Tam. Big quality portions for a decent price. If you are extremely hungry, get the large plate for about $12. If you arent that hungry, a regular plate is about $8. The service is pretty good as well.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tracy Joy K.', '5', 'For years, this has been my #1 place to go to for Vietnamese over-rice plates in the East Side. My usual is definitely something with their yummy meat, a nicely fried egg, broken rice and what is Vietnamese food without lots of fish sauce on the side. BBQ Pork is my FAVORITE.  It is a deal here for sure. You will get the "bang hot dang that was good" for your buck. The portions always fill me up and are perfect for dinner. They usually serve a lot of rice, a side of veggies and some soup with each order. The flavors just blend well and is a great representation of Vietnamese cuisine. Okay so, the service here isn\'t great and a couple times I\'ve gotten a waiter that seemed pretty irritated at our requests. But, I\'m still giving this 5 stars because I feel that the taste can make up for that. Don\'t expect anything fancy, but please do expect yummy. Try to come here during a down time because parking can prove to be pretty hard. Plus, the drivers around here don\'t exactly have the best skills or are the friendliest. But it is an easy spot off of Tully, you can\'t miss it and don\'t! :) PS. Yes I wrote this review at midnight because I\'m craving it.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Brad S.', '5', "Was in the neighborhood and wanted to drop in somewhere for some Vietnamese food. Don't eat too much of it usually but picked this place based on yelp reviews. Was not disappointed and definitely would come back again. Rice dish with BBQ chicken and shrimp was incredible. Could have better Thai iced tea though."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Evelyn N.', '3', 'The best place to get Com Tam! It\'s soooooo good! High quality authentic Vietnamese food for pretty cheap! (: The parking is kinda frusterating during the weekends and lunch hours though. I think they need to expand the lot, the business would pick up 10 times! The service is "eh" they know they get business no matter what, so it doesn\'t seem like they try to be nice, they\'re actually kinda rude if you ask me, but I just come here for the food, not for the atmosphere. My friend just told me that her mom told her that they REUSE the oil to make the shrimp cakes ): ai yai yai... what a shame. Minus 2.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Katie Anne N.', '5', 'This place has THE BEST com tam and bun ever. Sure its a hole in the wall, but there are ample seats to accommodate everyone. Service is quick and efficient. They give you a bowl of hot soup along with each plate. Most authentic place I\'ve been to. Parking is tough. The spaces (and the drivers) make it difficult.  The "hole in the wall and dirty" aspect of this place should be the least of everyone\'s worry. The restaurant conditions in Vietnam , are 10 times worse. This place would be considered clean.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Flavia H.', '5', "Best Vietnamese rice plate ever! HUGE portions for a good price. Rice plates come with broken rice, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, picked radish, carrots, peppers and a clear both.  I always get BBQ pork, shredded pork, and egg cake. There are tons of combos, you'll be sure to find something that satisfies your tummy.   Parking lot is tight, always busy so you may share a table with other guests."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cindy T.', '3', "Why are there sticky tables? I hate when there are sticky tables - kinda gives me goose bumps.  The menu is your typical Asian menu.  Say there are like five items.  Why do they have to offer every combination possible with the five items? Then you just end up starring at the menu forever trying to find the right combo.  They could easily offer a choice like, rice or vermicelli and then pick 2 - 3 sides out of however many they offer.  Anyhoo, I think the rice plates were mediocre.  For the same price, I rather spend it at Vung Tau and get better quality food.  Portions were huge, though. I also dislike that Tully is so gosh darn busy no matter what time of day.  And the ongoing construction doesn't help either."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jennifer Y.', '5', "Yay!  Need to boost my rating.  I've been back about 6x since 2009 and not working in Cupertino. Love the rice and that it comes with soup.  The egg cake,  meatball, and fish sauce combo is wonderful.   For two people, a $12 nem nuong meal (esp. #1 on the menu) is great with an extra side of rice and spring roll if super hungry.  Fish sauce, hot sauce, and onions mixed together and used as a dipping sauce is wonderful.  Be sure to ask for extra soup to compliment the meal and extra green onions (mo hanh) to go over the rice.  And although you know the Thai iced tea comes from a can/bottle,  this really does complete a meal here."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jimmy N.', '3', "True viet eat com haha but anyway com suong is alright I wasn't a big fan of it so yeah"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diana L.', '4', "Yum.  If you want authentic Vietnamese food (and no, i don't mean Xanh or Tamarine) you must, MUST go down to south san jose (yeah, its a lil rough and tumble but grin and bear it bc its worth it!). The rice plate portions here are humongous!  I had their bbq pork chop over rice with pickled vegetables and it was delicious.  This is not something you'd find on Castro street.   A very good value at around $7.  This place is cash only so don't forget to stop at an atm on the way here. The service here wasn't spectacular as i felt rushed to put my order in (the lady kept coming over asking if was ready or not and i was not!).  They have a limited beer selection here (only bud and heineken).  I got a heineken and they brought me a cup of ice with my beer.  I put the beer in my ice glass and then wondered why i'd do such a funny thing (not recommended).   Note: This place does not have Pho so you gotta go somewhere else for that."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vicky H.', '5', 'This place gets CROWDED and i mean jammed pack crowded! Vietnamese rice plates all tastes the same to me, but this place is actually pretty authentic and damn right tasty.  Pricing here is affordable, and the selection of grilled shrimp, pork, korean bbq, beef, etc. all are pretty tasty. The quality of this place is consistent. The down side is if you are a teenager I suppose they dont give you a big of a portion or the customer service you would expect if you were an adult.(says the bf) I suppose that is true... Overall, this place is the place to go for an affordable brunch , late lunch, dinner.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tammy S.', '4', "Hands down, THE BEST BROKEN RICE PLATES.. EVER! I know.. thats a pretty ballsy claim to make, but I'm dead serious. My family has been ordering from here since I was a kid. Whenever we order to go, I have to fight the urge to not just eat it there! With the aroma spewing out of the container, i just don't know how much longer I can wait!!  Cash only and to go orders sometimes take quite a while --- thats why I always call in ahead."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Aya A.', '5', 'Having Vietnamese food for the first time, this restaurant did not disappoint. The service was fast and the staff are very friendly. Will definitely recommend it to my friends and family.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linda N.', '2', "All my viet friends, including the bf LOVE this place. Oddly, I disagree. Maybe I had such high expectations since everyone always talks about it but when I went I thought the Korean BBQ meat was too fatty, the thit nuong was hard and dry, I like mine super tender... Also, my boyfriend really likes the dau huu ky, which is supposed to be CRISPY but it wasn't... It was soggy! The broken rice was good, and the nuoc mam was good but I have had better rice plates from Vung Tau and from Com Tam Thanh in Milpitas. This place is hyped. It's cheap though and service is fairly quick. I would give it a try again sometime in hopes that it was just that day I went that was sucky..."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vera W.', '4', 'When it comes to Com Tam, we only have 2 choices so far, this one or Com Tam Thanh.  This place is a little bit more expensive, I think almost about $2 more, but my husband swears the pork chop here is worth that extra $2.  One of us usually orders the complete set that comes with everything including the tofu shrimp cake, shrimp in sugar cane, etc that comes close to $12/plate while the other person orders the $7-$8 plate, then we can share the extra toppings :).   We also always take our out of town guests here, and everyone is always happy with the food!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linda L.', '4', "The smell of the oil frying makes you crave for some good old vietnamese rice plates. Its a hit or miss coming here because sometimes they could be giving you some old pork that isn't so soft and tender, while other days the meat melts and slips off the bone. the Cha (steam egg cake) could taste super fresh. their fish sauce recipe is a good balance."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lan N.', '4', "Best place for Com Tam in San Jose.  It is a down and dirty joint for vietnamese rice dishes.  The menu is pretty simple even if it doesn't look like it.  Only difference is the combinations of meats you can choose from.  I haven't tried anything else besides com tam here, but why would I? Parking here is pretty horrible.  The spots are tight and some of the drivers don't make it any easier."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'David K.', '5', "If you only read 1 line from this review let this be it.  Best broken rice ever!  CASH ONLY!  Wish it were closer to me, but I'd make the trip for this place. The interior was pretty sparse, but based on how busy the place was I think we were in for a treat.  The parking lot isn't small, but it was packed on a Saturday afternoon.  We ended up circling 3 times before finding a spot. They have some special plates for 12.95 that are basically your choice of meat then every type of side hiding the broken rice underneath.  All the other plates seem to be broken down in cost based on how many sides are included.  Yes it's a bit pricier than other broken rice places.  Expect to pay 1-2 dollars more but it's damn good. I got the pork chop with shrimp cake, fried egg, and shredded pork.  It was awesome! Pork chop, succulent!  Normally my roomie avoids this type of meat cause it's usually dry.  He liked this so much he said he was going to order it next time. He got got the bbq pork which I tried.  It was also moist and delicious so I'll leave it up to you to decide which meat you prefer. Shredded pork.  Unlike many other places that have it this isn't the dry kind covered in that powder stuff that lacks taste.  It's moist and tasty and I think made in house. Shrimp Cake.  Awesome.  It was cripsy, but not so much that it was hard.  The outside was flaky and the inside was packed with shrimpy goodness. Instead of egg cake, I opted for the fried egg.  I like having the yolk mixed in with the rice. Even though it's a bit pricier than other places the portions are large.  I had a choice of stuffing my face, but decided to save half the goodness for later.  Can't wait to come back!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hang N.', '4', "Not so clean here, but doesn't really matter when they serve the best com tam in San Jose, right? Enough said, just eat."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'becky w.', '3', "Daym you Com Tam! i was totally craving you today so me and the bootard came to satsify our carving only to find out your closed on Tuesday?!?! You kidding me???? You would have been 4 stars. If i wasnt so pissed about you closing on tues i would never come back again,,, BUT I WILL since you guys make the best broken rice in town. Com Tam i'll be back this friday and you better be ready with my oooooh so yummy fried shrimp cake and complimentary pickled garlic bulbs! And for god sakes ppl, turn up your AC!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Charles A.', '5', "Went here for the first time ever as it was highly recommended by everyone that I know who's been here.  I got the #3 and DANG! the plates are huge... I finished it though... Lol!  Everything was good: the BBQ pork chop, shredded pork, BBQ shrimp, sugar cane shrimp (BOMB!), shrimp cake thingy, and the egg cake. It also comes with broken rice, soup, cucumbers, and some pickled carrots and radish (I think?)...  All I know is that, IT'S ALL GOOD!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jim C.', '3', "Pretty good Vietnamese rice combos that come in huge portions but the dirty feel of the place makes you want to take a shower after you eat here.  Continued my exploration down in the deeper parts of San Jose and had to check out this place that got so many 5-star Yelp raves. I had to try out one of these super rice combos that everyone talked about. So for $9.95 you can choose from 6 different special rice combinations, each of which comes from this cornucopia of different Vietnamese items - a grilled meat, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork/pork skin, egg cake, bbq shrimp, grilled shrimp on sugarcane, and all these on a bed of rice with a small broth soup on the side (see attached picture of the different rice combo options). And you can have as much fish sauce as you like from this large plastic bottle water filled of fish sauce at each table. When it arrives, you get this enormous plate of food (see picture) with so many items - definitely can feed 2-3 ppl. I think their grilled meats are the best - I definitely like the grilled beef short ribs and chicken. They both came with a delicious marinade. The shredded pork was also very flavorful and tasty - probably one of their best items here. The rest of the stuff in the mega rice plate were okay but nothing to write home about. The shrimp sides were made from cooked frozen shrimp and didn't have much taste and had a weird texture.  Now the place itself seemed rather dirty and unclean - from the old plastic glassware to the silverware that you help yourself to on each table to the worn down tables. Everything just seemed a bit dirty and sticky and it definitely took away from the enjoyment of this place.  I guess the other local customers (the place was packed) did not seem to mind as much as we did.  Bottom line: Food was good - stick with the grilled meats like the grilled beef ribs, chicken, and shredded pork in the small plates. The other stuff in the mega rice combo were not that great. And I definitely recommend taking out. However, if you eat there, bring your Purell hand santizer and plan on taking a shower afterwards!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anh D.', '4', "Broken rice, a proud southern Vietnamese tradition, that is AMAZING here.  I personally like the plate that comes with the Korean barbeque spare ribs, the crunchy tofu, and the shrimp on sugar cane. Delicious! Sometimes if I feel like splurging on extra calories, I get a sunny-side up egg on my rice plate.  My husband likes the porkchop dish. We like the food here -- but a caveat, very big portions! I think it's still cash only, and the place is pretty packed on weekends, so come on a weekday!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sean-Paul G.', '5', "This place is great.  Every morning and every afternoon I pass this spot and I purposely leave my windows open to let the great aromas in from Com Tam Dat Thanh (except Tuesdays...they're closed that day).  A friend and I went here for lunch and I ordered grilled chicken and shrimp...literally within five minutes our food came out hot and tasty. The portions were huge and I could barely finish my chicken (but I was hungry so I got through it).  This spot has ginormous portions for a good price. Quality isn't sacrificed by the quantity of food they give.  Two things of note: the parking lot is pretty small so watch out for people double parking, looking for parking, and they only take cash.  Definitely a place to go back to again and again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'David K.', '5', 'Some places you just forget to review because it\'s been a staple for as long as one can remember. I reminisce the rice plates here were sub $5, but long gone are those days as are the $0.75 banh mi "Vietwiches" in SJ. What is still here from over a decade ago are the quality rice plates, Viet-fast service, small parking lot and crappy parkers, the mysterious Xinh Xinh cafe within view, and the cheap a$$ tippers.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ngoc L.', '5', "I personally feel that this is the best com tam place in san jose. I loveeee their chicken BBQ rice plate.. That's my favorite then it's their korean BBQ plate. My whole family loves this place and we each have our own favorite plate. I don't think you can really go wrong with ordering any of their rice plates. You should definitely give this place a try if you've never been here. During lunch hours, there's always a wait but it's usually no longer than 10 minutes."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Pancakes D.', '5', "Great food and great value for money! Another Vietnamese cuisine restaurant that we love! In this rice-plate specialty restaurant, its all about the authentic BBQ taste! Every regular plate is approx $7-9 (depending on the components ordered).  We ordered 2 plates of rice, with the standard shredded pork and steam pork cake and additionally, had BBQ Meat balls (nem neung) and BBQ Beef steak. Every plate is also served with pickled carrots/radish, some green salad and clear broth soup. You can also choose to have as many pickled onions (comes in a jar on the table) as you like! More value for our money!  Most importantly, the food was ALL good! The BBQ Beef steak was cut to a medium thickness. It came out tender, moist and had the awesome BBQ-ed aroma. The BBQ meatballs were also delish to go with the rice!  This place gets really busy but the service is fast and efficient. You get seated, you order and the food appears and the waiter disappears. So don't expect your waiter to check on you every 15 minutes, this is afterall, a Vietnamese restaurant!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michelle E.', '4', 'Just came here the other weekend with my room mates.  When you pass by this place, the smell of the BBQ tickles your nose.  Smells so good!  Come here hungry.  These rice plates are CHEAP, and if you order a good combination, you\'ll have a plate full of fun...and I mean FULL.  They pack in their plates here.  I usally get BBQ pork chop, or Short Ribs, and I ALWAYS get the shrimp cake.  The food is good; better than A-OK so I give this place 4 stars.  The 5th star lacks because of the "not so clean" restaurant.  But I\'m from the east side...so it doesn\'t bug me much.  Beware, this is not for the people who enjoy a super clean restaurant.  This spot is for folks who like hole in the walls, don\'t mind a little rust here and there, and want to eat good.  Parking is a bitch here so ensure you don\'t bring your nice car because there are some door dingers who park here!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Manuel C.', '4', "This is one of the best com tam spots in San Jose. Over the years this place has really improved, I've been going here for about 4-5 years and every now and then my dad and I find ourselves at their doors on a tuesday and hopefully any other tuesday we think about going, we remember that they're closed. There's a lot of choices on the menu, this place is almost completely rice plates, i think i see people having soup or pho every now and then, but you probably have to request it. Some people have been commenting on the pho not being so good, but the place is almost specifically for rice plates."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tiffanie I.', '5', 'Great place to grab lunch, but might get a little packed!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'DASYHRD D.', '4', 'By far the best Viet Pork chop, egg and rice spot in the south bay. Pork chops are juicy and they give large portions!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chew H.', '3', "3 stars.  I came here to get some broken rice because of all the good reviews. Lo and behold, the Yelpers have failed me.  I ordered broken rice with BBQ chicken and shrimp. They gave me generous portion, but the food itself was not very good. The rice AND meat was dry and not flavorful. The place was not clean either, and I saw the waiter smoking WHILE working.  I will not come back to this place. If you want some good broken rice plates, you're better off at Com Tam Thien Huong."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chi N.', '4', "Pro: Good food, good price, and quick service. Typical long list of dishes that all are the same thing just with different components.. Food is always good, and filling.  Con: Parking is a MAJOR pain. Always congested, always people parked in spots that aren't even parking spots! But usually worth the obstacle of finding a spot."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hollie L.', '5', 'The com tam here never seems to disappoint! You can never go wrong with any of their combo orders and their portions are more than enough for one person. The only thing below average is the broth, it always seems to be bland and flavorless... I guess you can\'t have the best of both worlds.  I\'m not sure if there\'s a "good" time to go satisfy your cravings here because parking is always a b!tch! It seems like you\'d have to fight to get a spot and the parking stalls are extremely cramped so I wouldn\'t recommend driving your new whip in this lot!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'chet l.', '4', 'I love their shrimp cake that is fried with tofu skin on the outside. MMMMmmmm. Generally good BBQ meats with their rice plates.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'anh p.', '1', 'This place is so dirty, I have food poisoning after eating here. I throw up, I had headahce.I guess the meat was not done right. This place is nothing compared to Com Tam Thien Huong. Its not cheap either. The food is not good. Never gonna go back']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Patricia B.', '4', 'I LOVE BROKEN RICE PLATES! Mmm! The food here is delicious! The portions are big and the prices is inexpensive (about $6-8). It\'s a really good deal for rice plates. They also have "bun" which is rice noodles. It\'s delicious! I recommend the broken rice plates with the shredded pork. The shredded pork is not the best but it\'s pretty good. The only bad thing about this place is it\'s location and the crowd. It\'s full of loud, noisy Vietnamese/Chinese people. It\'s pretty full during lunch BUT it\'s definitely good and tasty.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Addi M.', '4', 'I am a huge vermicelli fan, so I instantly tried it at this place (it was recommended to us by my boyfriend\'s dry cleaning lady, bless her, she\'s so nice). It wasn\'t like vermicelli I\'d had at other Vietnamese restaurants, but it was still really good!  The egg rolls included with it were really crispy and had a different sort of filling, but delicious nonetheless.  And they had a nice amount of leafy greens on the bottom, which some people might not like, but I was happy because it balanced out the super savory BBQ pork. If that doesn\'t win you over, just look for the waiter who carries up to 6 dishes from the tips of his fingers all the way up to his shoulder!  I definitely want to go back because there was a section on the menu titled "Tiny Rice Vermicelli" and I want to know what that is!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joyce L.', '5', "Normally when I go to vietnamese restaurants I always get the pho or noodles.  However when I came here I went with the rice plates.  It just looked so yummy and I sure wasn't disappointed either.  I got one of those combos with everything in it.  Like the shredded pork, shrimp on sugar cane sticks, meat pie, beef wrapped in onions inside, etc.  It was a lot of food and I only finished about half of it.  It was about $12-13 for a big plate of food which wasn't bad at all.  I will definitely come back again for more."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Charlene P.', '5', 'Everything here tastes so good. Every time you pass by the place, you get a good whiff of what they\'re serving and makes you crave some right away! The only minor complaint I have is that it\'s pretty "dirty" there, but the authentic, delicious food DEFINITELY makes up for it. I\'m craving some right now :( However, I don\'t like the parking lot though. It\'s hard to get in and out, especially when it\'s crowded!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Patricia L.', '4', "I can smell the grilled meat every time I drive by this place! I'm drooling just thinking about it! This has got to be the best Vietnamese broken rice place in San Jose! This place is always crowded. But the food comes out so fast that you never have to wait that long. I wish this place would open later (they close at 8pm on some days), but I guess they make enough money already to close earlier. OMG I love the shrimp cake here! I like to mix things up sometimes, so I've tried different combinations, but I always have to get a plate that has the shrimp cake (tau hu ky) and the shredded pork (bi). I love that they give you a side of broth to go with your meal. The chili for your fish sauce is on the table, which is a good thing because I love my sauce extra spicy while people like my bf like it plain. Portions are huge (I'm a fatty, so I can still finish a plate by myself)!! Plus, it's pretty cheap here. You definitely get the best bang for your buck here."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Annie D.', '4', 'The place for "broken rice" with pork chops! I\'ve been here with my family for years and still is the place to go for that fix.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tan H.', '5', 'Huge fan of this place,i also saw a guy holding 4 plates each on his 2 arms,Incredible,Pretty decent soup,Not hot,but decent. This is a good place to go for Com Tam']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Katharine A.', '4', 'Yummy rice plates. We took out food to go and my friend said that he has rarely eaten here, but always takes take out. I had BBQ pork with an egg and it was delicious. I added hot chili sauce to the fish sauce and it was super yummy. Quick, fast, comfort food. Parking lot was busy and I have been told that it is often hard to find parking here. Prices are cheap for the amount of food.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny C.', '4', "I think this is the first non-pho Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. I was told that they are known for their rice dishes. Since i don't care about rice, I got one of the tiny vermicelli dishes instead. The one I got came with a skewer of shrimps and chicken. Loads of flavor though I was not able to finish the noodles. I didn't know how to eat it first. Turned out I had to wrap everything in the lettuce they gave me on the side. I loved the pickled carrots and turnips. Though it felt like they were trying to save on utilities coz it was hella cold inside. Oh and parking was kinda hard to find on a Saturday...  the restaurant itself was more spacious than I had expected."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lynn H.', '3', 'Food - 3.5 Service - 3 Ambience - 3 Highchair - Yes Tried this place for lunch today with hubby, my Aunt and our 15-month old toddler. I ordered the Com Tam Thit Nuong with BBQ shrimp on sugar cane and they both ordered the Com Tam Suon Nuong (BBQ pork chop). We also had a plate of cha gio (egg rolls), which came with six (6) egg rolls, some bun (noodles) and a side of lettuce, cucumbers, mint and pickled carrots & jicama.  It was listed under the side dish/appetizer section, but could have easily been a meal itself (price was about $6.75 or so). The portions are very generous. I liked my dish a lot and the fish sauce was well flavored though could have used some spicy addition, but I guess they chose to cater to the everyman. You can always add your own hot sauce to it, but it\'s not quite the same as some hot peppers marinated in the fish sauce. I wasn\'t crazy about the BBQ shrimp on sugar cane, because it didn\'t taste like they had much shrimp in the mixture - tasted mostly like flour or whatever it is they use to mix with the shrimp to conform it against the sugar cane. The green onions cooked in oil spread over the meat & rice add a nice flavor. The Suon Nuong plates came with two very large chops, but be warned, they are also very fatty. It\'s probably what gives them the great flavor, but it\'s a lot more work than the Thit Nuong because you have to cut around the fatty chunks. The broth with green onions that they serve prior to your rice dish is also pretty bland. Overall, this is a good com tam place. Service was prompt and the food came out quickly. Decor is pretty minimal/typical for a Vietnamese restaurant - pretty no frills. The parking lot is tiny (again, not atypical), but we got lucky today and got a spot right away - one of the few that are "reserved" for the restaurant.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Yen T.', '5', "Best com tam place in the bay area. Tight space to park your cars, but it's worth a door ding. (Or maybe just wait for a better parking space). I usually get their combo with everything on it.  It's worth trying everything! Free soup too (:"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ninh T.', '5', "Great vietnamese food. It's up there with home made. Affordable and quick service. Cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diane N.', '5', 'It is by far the best rice plate place I have ever been to! I have been coming here since I was very little and the staffs are all very friendly. I have tried a huge number of dishes here and I am never disappointed! I love their soup and their fish sauce! The only thing that bothers me is that they are located in a very small plaza which can be very difficult to park sometimes because there are no lines and people tend to double park!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stephen N.', '5', "There is no better place for Com Tam in San Jose! If you haven't had Com Tam, now is the time to try it. If you have, but not here, go tonight!  Some people will definitely complain about the cleanliness of this place, but you'll get over it.  BUTT if you can't stand that, order it to-go. When you order to-go, they'll actualyl give you more food but they won't provide you the soup to-go."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Pearl V.', '4', "I already knew their combo plates here were HUGE, so my BF and I decided to share a platter, order extra rice for me, and 2 egg rolls as an appetizer. We chose the #3 combo plate w/ the BBQ pork chop, shrimp cake, shredded pork, grilled shrimp, egg pie, sugarcane shrimp skewer, and some slices of cucumbers for freshness. Everything was yummy. They also brought out complimentary soup/broth for the both of us, even though we were sharing one plate, which I thought was thoughtful. The egg rolls didn't come out until the rest of the meal did, but I guess I should have expected as much. The make-it-yourself-fish-sauce option was pretty neat because you could tweak the spiciness to your liking.  Definitely would come back here... the smell of the meat cooking outside is probably reason enough for me. I'll split a plate w/ someone again and order a side of rice. Although the eggrolls were piping hot and tasty, they were small and definitely not worth the $1.25 a pop, so I'd skip that next time. Very affordable and food is GREAT. Oh, and don't forget to tip, you cheapos."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Willis C.', '5', "This place is really amazing for Com Tam.  Okay, so the service isn't great (Vietnamese restaurant...). and the place is kind of dirty.  The parking lot is decent size sometimes hard to find a spot tho, but the location is good at least! Right off the 101 exit. So this place specialized in Vietnamese rice plates.  My family is from Vietnam so I've definitely been to a lot of place that served Com Tam.  This is probably my favorite place to go to on average. They give huge portion for really low price, it's about 6-10 dollars depending on how much you get. You can basically do a build your own rice plate, because there's so many options, and you can always ask can I get this, and not that etc, and they will do it for you.  It's pretty awesome, so this place is fit for anyone, as long as they like Com Tam's. Their shrimps are amazing! Any one of them, grilled, sugarcane, etc.  I also liked their short rib too. My muststop place in San Jose!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lianne D.', '4', "If you're looking for big portions of rice plate then this is the place to go! But if you're looking for pho, I'd suggest you to go somewhere else.  This place may look dirty but the food here are amazing! Food comes out REALLY quick, you can pour as much fish sauce you want, nom!  best part, it comes with soup that taste sooo good! I'd definitely come here again but since i'm still new to San Jose! I'm still trying a whole bunch of vietnamese restaurant!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amanda Y.', '4', "This place is great if you are craving a broken rice plate, they literally have every option/combination available! My only gripe is that this place does feel very damp and musty inside. But I guess I shouldn't complain, the food comes out quick, it's cheap, and it's fulfilling. I especially like the pork chop!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sarah-Lorraine L.', '4', "I've been to a LOT of Vietnamese restaurants, and this one just seemed like the perfect place to go for a casual lunch date with a few of my friends. I loved how we were seated immediately, had prompt polite and funny service from our server (he KNEW the menu from front to back and by describing to him what you like and don't like, he even had a knack for choosing dishes he knew we would like). Like many Vietnamese restaurants you have to pay in cash. Even though I thought my food was fabulous, my only dislike was the fact that MOST of the menu items came with some type of shrimp (I'm allergic to ALL seafood), so my menu choices were pretty limited."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thuy T.', '5', 'The BEST rice plate place in the bay area.    I love everything here, and the food are sooo cheap. For $10, I can have dinner and still have leftover for lunch the next day.  Absolutely love this place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Brian P.', '4', "THE BEST RICCE PLATES IN THE BAY! can't explain it..... this is all they specialize in... rice plates. Rice plate this, rice plate that... OMG i'm going tomorrow to get a rice plate!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nina M.', '2', "Used to taste better a few years back but what happened?   This place was my favorite place for Com Tam.  I went back over the weekend and it wasn't the same.  I only ordered the com tam bi & cha. I did finish half but couldn't eat anymore because it was too bland.  The Cha doesn't seem fresh and the bi was still a bit cold.  The soup was way too bland.  It tasted like lightly salted boiled water with a few green onion floating.  Not really appetizing at all. They did remodeled the place a bit but it still looks dirty.  All of their utensils were stain with water marks.  I wouldn't come back here again if I have any other option.  Their parking had always been an issue due to the small parking lot."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Danny K.', '5', "My favorite!!! The best Vietnamese rice plate dishes around.  Can't say anything bad about Com Tam Dat Thanh!  If you want some good Vietnamese Rice Plates with large portions this is the spot for you!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Helen T.', '4', "i hadn't had broken rice since my days of working near little saigon in the OC.  this place is just like the restaurants i used to frequent in westminster.  there is a huge variety of rice plates to choose from - all of which are dif iterations of each other.  two of us shared a combo platter, which was huge and came w/ the fried shrimp cake, grilled shrimp, grilled pork, sausage on sugarcane, and shredded pork skin.  they gave us each a bowl of soup, which is nice, so i didn't have to share.  :)  all of it was tasty and satisfying.  can't wait to come back!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John T.', '3', "This place seems to have slipped since they first opened. instead of talking about what this place used to be, this is what it is now.  The food is fine, nothing spectacular. Last night i had the com tam with bi, the pork chop, and the tau huu ky. Tau huu ky is basically a shrimp paste fried in yuba skin. The oil must not have been hot enough because mines was soggy and oily not crispy. The pork chop was over done. The glaze they had was a bit on the burnt side. Edible yes but still over done.  Clean place? not really but I've come to expect that in a place like this. what i do find shocking is the price is a tad high. 11+ for their specials. and most dishes are in the 8 dollar range. for the experience i had last night, i don't think it's worth it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kevin T.', '1', "I would give minus star if I could, this place sucks big time. Dirty place, bad customer service, bad food, those who had given 4+ stars definitely never eat delicious food in their life, and don't go here if you don't have any cash but CC, this place only accepts cash, that is just...wtf"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linh T.', '5', 'I\'ve never been a biggest fan of broken rice dishes but I am now. This place is "broken rice" heaven. Everything was so good. It was so good that my husband wanted to come back the next morning. My favorite toppings are egg cake, pork chop and shredded pork. The rice is soft and moist. The sauce is very light but yet flavorful.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sempro S.', '5', 'This restaurant is the Costco of Vietnamese nom-nom. You get incredible value as long as you are willing to buy monster portions. Their famous Dac Biet ("combo with everything") plate easily serves three! And it remains an outstanding value even with the recent price increase from $10 to $12. The enormous and very tasty Dac Biet plate includes grilled meat, grilled shrimp, baked shrimp paste on a sugarcane shard, shrimp quiche, flaky egg pie, pickled shredded pork skin, and salad. All of this is served on a bed of broken rice, a unique treat amongst rice connoisseurs. It has long been a special secret that broken rice is not only cheaper but also has better flavor and texture that come from easier release of starch in the broken grain.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tiffany K.', '5', 'Finally tried this place out after knowing about it for quite some time. The food here is absolutely delish, pretty cheap, and comes in huge portions. I loved the complimentary soup that comes with your dish. While I was here, I tried the grilled chicken, grilled shrimp, and fried shrimp cake. yum, yum, yum, yum is all i have to say. i ate my entire plate, and felt like my stomach was going to explode for the remainder of the night.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chad S.', '4', "Finally tried this place after a coworker recommended.  In rice processing, the good/full rice grains are separated from the broken or fractured rice grains.  The broken rice is considered less desirable and thus intended for poorer people in the old days in Vietnam.  Personally I think broken rice is easier to eat (less chewing) and feels smoother. I went with the all out Special Combo #2: Broken rice topped with BBQ pork, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, egg cake, BBQ shrimp, grilled shrimp on sugarcane, with strips of carrots and slices of cucumber on lettuce.  This dish, like most other dishes served at this place, is pretty greasy but very tasty, and it's portion is really large, perfect for my kind of appetite.  All of that for $9.95 pre tax.  Great value."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ly D.', '4', "They have the most delicious rice plates here. I would recommend you take your order to go because it's a hassle to park here and the place is kind of dirty. My favorite is the com tam bi thit nuong with tau hu ky. I've also had the nem nuong and that was tasty as well. Everything is really good here, just make sure if you take it home to eat, eat it within the next day or else it'll go bad. Rest assured that I haven't gotten sick from their food (:"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thuy N.', '3', "Ok so I came back again to order food and got it To go. Their service isn't the greatest but my grandma like their foods so I think they deserve some credit for it. Though it is still just A-ok!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Annie D.', '2', "I use to live in southern california, so i had ample of options for great vietnamese food. Don't get me wrong san jose has great vietnamese food, but for authentic banh hoi, it is hard to find in the bay area. I was researching on yelp for great banh hoi and came across this place and thought i give it a try since it was on my way to Monterey. I ordered the nem nuong and tom nuong (pork ball, shrimp) Banh hoi and the boyfriend ordered the combination rice plate. The food was okay to me not really great but not really bad. The banh hoi did not taste fresh, it was stuck on to my plate like they had over heated it in the microwave and the meat/shrimp was over marinated and very chewy  rubbery consistency . Coming from a family who owns a vietnamese restaurant and being spoiled by westminster vietnamese food, this place was no where near as good or fresh."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christine T.', '4', "Com Tam with Korean BBQ, shredded pork, sunny side up egg, and fried shrimp cake. This is the bliss to my Asian cravings.  There's complimentary soup that goes along with your rice plate. It's so good, I could really drink this stuff like water. It's soo delicious.  The service is slow and not attentive. Don't expect to get any refills on your water or even a Togo box. You go up and ask for a Togo box when you pay.  Here's a tip, order one rice plate with lots of different things such as shrimp, chicken, ribs, tofu skins, ect ect! Then order a separate plate of rice which is $1.25 and share! You save about 12 dollars and can split between a delicious meal with a friend for half the price. My cheap Asian mother has taught me this when I was younger and I still walk out of here fully bloated and intoxicated with food coma."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tiffany T.', '2', "I have to admit they have the best Broken Rice dish in town. I gave them 2 stars instead of 5 because of the way they treat their customers. The owner is super greedy, you can tell by the Cash only sign. I came an hour before their closing hour, they ran out of rice. But instead of telling me they're out of food for the nite they decided to dig to the bottom of the rice pot which is a layer of burn, harden rice grains and put in my togo boxes. I didn't realize that's what they did until I get home, not edible."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thuyvi M.', '4', 'Dude this is like my fav. rice plate place! This is the place my family and I always meet up on sundays to eat before visiting my grandpas grave or going to Dynasty Mall..haha hella vietnamese yo. anyways prices are good and everything is tasty and flavorful.  One thing I dont like is the wait on the weekends. hella insane!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thanh L.', '4', 'HUUUGE Portions, good food, well seasoned, and CHEAP! Our family usually does take out, about 2 orders will fill up 5 people, with extra rice of course.  The tables are sometimes sticky though, due to the spilt fish sauce, very casual place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sally T.', '4', "SoCal is a bit cheaper for com tam, I feel! But this place was delicious. Order one of their specials or their $8-$9 stuff 'cause it's so much more worth it! We got the MSG soup with our food, too. Their meat's pretty tasty and the dude here was super nice. We came in a couple minutes before closing and he let us order and everything, even asked where we were from. They also let us pay for our dishes separately.  Friendly service, great flavor for the meat. I got the shrimp on the sugar cane with my combo. Maybe it's just me since I don't know Vietnamese food that well, but I thought the sugar cane in the middle was annoying to eat around. Not a big deal though. I liked the shrimp okay, so whatever. Finally, the parking lot spaces are super compact so be careful."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John Paul P.', '4', "When there's over 40 different combinations of rice and what do you want with your rice on the menu, they better be good at what they serve. And honestly, they deliver. After meeting up my aunt who lives in SJ at Grand Century, they recommended going here. In fact they came along for the ride. They got something with with chicken and egg cake, I of course love the egg cake, and since everyone thinks i'm Korean, I get the korean ribs along with it. With bi (not sure how to translate that). So pretty much pick what you want to eat and they'll make the combo for you. Very reasonable prices too. Honestly, it's pretty good. There's a reason places like this don't go out of business. The food comes out almost instantly (within 3-5 min or ordering) The rice is cooked right, the cha was lovely, the ribs were great. I had takeout which also had the tau huu ky (shrimp cake) and the shrimp on sugarcane, which is pretty good as well. Be warned, the nuoc mam (fish sauce) they have is pretty bland."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tu L.', '4', "This place is great. You can literally smell whats cooking from the outside. Lol. Other than that, reasonable prices for food, and a lot of it. Service is quick and attentive. I don't think they accept credit cards, so be armed with cash. But if you're driving by, give it a shot. You won't regret it. :D"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Susan D.', '5', 'Love it like my life depends on it. The shrimp cakes are the most delicious thing that I have ever tasted. I have never had it until I came here. Even my mom and aunties have never made this. Perhaps it is their own creation and what a creation!! I give them mad props for producing the best pork chop rice dishes on Earth. I need to return. Every NoCali trip deserves a great Vietnamese meal here.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joyce O.', '3', "3 stars because It's not the best looking establishment.. and not in the best neighborhood... but the food is off the hook with plates under 10 bucks. 5 stars for pricing and food! all the grilled foods are good..  what i usually get is the grilled pork chops.  the shrimp cake [which usually comes with the meal] is probably my favorite! they give you a side of fresh vegetables underneath all the grilled goodness too.   i usually walk out of here extremely full.  it's one of those places where you hate to get full cause everything is sooo good so you just keep eating.  be prepared to take a walk or something... you definitely don't want to just sit there  cause you'll feel like a fat ass."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kenny P.', '5', "Came back to this place and wanted to update that they have remodeled the interior pretty significantly.  New tables, walls, large back wall, and counters.  Ate lunch here today with my dad during lunch hour and found the service to be still exceptionally quick, with great food.   The portion of food was just enough to fill you up, but not too much that you're overfilled.  The prices have seemed to risen a little bit as others have said, but I think it's still worth it.  Remember that they don't take credit here, so bring your cash.  Your real traditional Vietnamese restaurant, they serve one type of dish and are damn good at it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Es L.', '4', 'Oh so good!!! Everything is super flavorful. Cash only. Rice plates and noodle dishes. No pho on the menu..']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Teo V.', '4', "I recently made a return back to Com Tam Dat Thanh after a few years hiatus. A friend of mine urged that I give it another chance.  And I was happy that I did.  I ordered a broken rice dish with egg cake, shredded pork, grilled pork and grilled chicken.  It was delicious.   I have a few qualms about this place. It's not clean and the utensils are probably 7 years old. The forks and spoons have no curve in them. They need to replace their utensils.  Next time I'm getting food here, it'll be TOGO. = )"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Izmeeh I.', '4', "Com Tam Dat Thanh used to be my favorite place for com tam.  During the last few years, they have really cut down on their portion size.  They are charging more for less.   If you don't mind the smaller portion and higher prices, do come here.  The food is still as good as it was."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tina J.', '4', "Got the combo #3 that has EVERYTHING, and a grilled pork/shrimp little vermicelli.  #3 was awesome i thought.  Hubby would probably get a dish that has just the items that he likes.  Their bbq tastes super yummy.  The broken-rice wasn't all that, but we're not  broken-rice connoisseurs.  The ambiance is like typical vietnamese cheap-end restaurants and service is barely existent as expected."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Victor D.', '5', "Still the best com tam place in San Jose in my opinion. I've been going here since I was a child. This place never disappoints me or anyone that I know. It's either this place or Thien Huong."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Phuc B.', '5', 'I like com tam, and I like this place a lot.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ivory L.', '5', 'I love Viet food and this place has been my fav spot for a while. I I always get the special Com Tam, it has everything on it. Worth the money because they give you big portion so make sure u come hungry']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Miiiiei P.', '3', "I remember when I first came here with my family, it was super crowded and we had to wait for awhile to get a table which had enough seats for us. I couldn't blame anyone since their food was quiet good and it was on Saturday. I would give the place 5 stars but there were two problems which sort of bothered me:  + The bad service (I hope it has been improved): I asked them for a to-go box just because I couldn't finish half of my dish (it was considered giant for me) and I didn't want it to become a waste since it was so yummy. But after 10 minutes I still saw nothing, so I had to walk to the cashier myself and asked for one. I knew the servants were probably too busy during that time, but c'mon...10 minutes for a to-go box? It wasn't a good impression. + There were only 2 restrooms for a restaurant which was serving probably no less than 20 customers? That's ridiculous! I am a big fan of Com Tam and this place is highly recommended but before arriving there especially on weekends, take a piss somewhere else because you'll probably have to get line to do it in this place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Yvonne N.', '4', "YAY for another hole-in-the-wall restaurant that serves amazing food!  Another YAY for it being a Vietnamese restaurant!  I'm Vietnamese, so..I hope that makes my review legit..? Anyway, I had lunch here with my cousin.  He chose it, said it was bomb.  I ordered what I almost always order when I'm trying out a new Vietnamese restaurant: Vermicelli with BBQ Pork and Vegetables!  Everything was perfect from the proportions (lots of veggies, I likey..) to the fish sauce (although I had to add more chili). The best part about this place is that it's CHEAP!  I paid for my meal and my cousin's meal and it came up to be a little over $12.  Again, don't forget to tip!  A $14 meal for two incredibly full and satisfied stomachs, always a plus! CASH ONLY so make sure you got that dough!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jan Michel P.', '5', 'Hands down best rice plates in San Jose']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thu N.', '5', "This is the best broken rice plate in San Jose.  As an added bonus - you can spot the restaurant a mile away because of the gigantic cloud of smoke coming out of their smoke stack.  It's definitely a great place to get lemon grass flavoured BBQ meat.   Get the special - and you won't go wrong with the bbq chicken, pork chop, bbq short ribs or whatever meat you choose.   The portions are gigantic - after I am full there, my plate still looks barely touched.  It's confusing for my stomach there, everything on it tastes so good that its tough to give up.  I also enjoy the endless supply of nuoc mam (fish sauce) and sides. This was the defacto place to go for a long lunch - if you factor in the traffic jams by the 101 and work on the other side of town.  I've never found a place quite this good outside of Vietnam for Com Tam.  Oh how I wish Vancouver had a restaurant just like this."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jen W.', '4', "what a great place to get a really good viet rice plate...i read the reviews on yelp before i decided to check it out...at first, i was a little worried about the cleanliness of the restaurant per my fellow yelpers reviews...i even thought of taking the food to go...but what the heck, we decided to give it a shot and eat there.  it wasn't too bad...typical asian restaurant...just wipe down every utensil before you use it.  haha.   prices ranged from 7 bucks to 12...depending on if you order one of their specials or now.  we decided to give one of each a try...wifey ordered the broken rice plate with bbq pork, shredded pork, and eggcake...i had the special that came with the same items as hers but also came with fried shrimp cake, bbq shrimp, and shrimp with sugarcane.  it was an unbelievable amount of food for the price...well worth it...and the food was really tasty.   only downfall...i thought the shredded pork was waaaaay too salty...but i do appreciate that they actually season it compared to other places where it's bland...oh!  i also love how you can make your own fish sauce to your liking...never saw that before...super bonus points for that.  haha.   i also got to see the huge amount of smoke coming from the top of the roof...and the amazing yummy smells as we walked outside...i've found a new place to go when i'm craving some yummy rice dishes...thanks yelpers!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Leon C.', '5', "So good! They have like 100 different rice dishes with every combination you can think of. Just go with the first 5 choice because they have about everything you cuold want. The portions are huge! You could share it between two people... but you wuoldn't because it's soo good! Get your own."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dave P.', '5', "Hands down the best vietnamese rice plate I have ever eaten at. Their broken rice is legit, and the meat is cooked so deliciously, it makes my mouth water just thinking about eating at this place. This is one of the things that I miss most after I moved out of San Jose. I've been trying to find a rice plate place that is good as this place, but I haven't had any luck. It's tough debating whether to eat here, or boiling crab whenever I'm in the area haha."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anna K.', '5', "My family doesn't go here as often as we used to, but when we're in the mood for com tam and in the area, it's off to Dat Thanh we go! When you can smell the meat cooking and see the smoke rising over the restaurant from the parking lot, you know you're in for something good. :) Portions are generous and prices are decent for what you get. Good selection of combinations of meats and other goodies like cha gio (viet egg rolls) and chao tom (ground shrimp on sugarcane). Fish sauce and chili sauce are provided at the table for you to set the spiciness of your fish sauce to your liking. I also really like the pickled pearl onions, carrot, and daikon also provided at the table."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Maxi D.', '1', "Can't believe how this restaurant has 4 stars. I often saw that this place was filled with customer during dinner time, so I decided to try it out. What a huge disappointment. Waiters speak very little English and don't pay attention to service request. Foods are very greasy. They may taste good because of MSG, but I could instantly tell they are low quality food. For that quality of food, the price is not cheap either; ~$10 per entry. Also, they take cash only; restaurants do it in order to evade tax report. I should mention that cleanness of the place is barely acceptable. People who prefer amount to quality may like this place. Otherwise, stay away."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jimmy B.', '5', "This establishment is probably THE spot to go to get broken rice in San Jose. The pricing is higher than it used to be but hey...that's what they call inflation. I've NEVER had a disappointing meal and have been here numerous times. I really like the one with BBQ meat, eggrolls, and egg cakes. I always ask for extra fish sauce not because they skimp on it or anything, but because I like to soak my broken rice with fish sauce. The other ingredients that come included always tastes fresh. They got the pickled carrots and dicons, sliced cucumbers a small patch of salad. YUM! I can't really recommend this place to friends since ALL of my friends already go here from time to time. 5 stars!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hai B.', '1', "I've been a customer at Dat Thanh for seven years, and one of my relatives (in Orange County) knows the owner personally. Unfortunately, I have to speak up and give this sorry restaurant the rating it deserves as the quality of their food and service has been steadily deteriorated.  I remember back in the day when Dat Thanh was way dirtier than it is now, when the waiters still stacked up serving dishes one on another while busing their tables. That was unsanitary, if not disgusting, but somehow their customers, including myself, managed to forgive them since their food was good, and pricing was reasonable. Skipping a few years, and I visited them just a couple of weeks ago. It was dinnertime, and the restaurant wasn't busy, so I couldn't tell if the waiters there still continued their filthy stack-up practice anymore. If they no longer do that, thank you, San Jose Food Safety Commission. We're not paying you our taxes for nothing. What was also gone was the quality of the food. I notice that most of the favorable reviews here come from younger reviewers. I'm not saying they don't know how quality Vietnamese dishes are supposed to taste like, but their 3 to 5 star reviews are probably due to generosity. I'm generous as well (please see my other reviews), but I have to be fair. The food of Dat Thanh does not deserve a 3, let alone 4 or 5 stars. Most of the ingredients of Dat Thanh come with a lot of cheap and inferior fillings. That explains why thit nuong (grilled pork), nem nuong (grilled pork meatballs), tau hu ky (fried tofu) are tasteless. The fillings are mostly flour, which, probably due to the restaurant's greediness, has taken over the meat, so eventually you as a customer will end up eating grilled and fried flour instead of real meat. This is probably the same approach taken by Taco Bell, only to a less publicized degree. Not only so, prices of such dishes have gone up. This restaurant doesn't bother to provide you with a detailed receipt. Instead, the owner just rings up your order, and somehow for two people, the total bill (not including tip) is already over $20. For much less than $20, I can have better com tam elsewhere, such as in Bun Bo Hue San Jose, and with a more likely chance of eating real and tasty meat, instead of the flavorless flour as the fillings. For all that premium, you would expect to be treated well as a customer. That's the right expectation, which just doesn't happen with Com Tam Dat Thanh. The owner appears unhappy all the time. She's rude with customers, yelling at them. Amazingly, based on my observations, while she appears rude to Vietnamese customers, she's nice with the rest. I guess it's because there are too many Vietnamese patrons at her restaurants, and keep her busier than she wishes for? While the true reason is still elusive to me, one thing is certain: I just can't tolerate that kind of attitude. So, after many years being a customer of Com Tam Dat Thanh, I've decided to stop coming there. Not for a $10 worth of rice and grilled baking powder (in lieu of real meat). I will miss the rude treatment and disrespectfulness from the owner and her staff just because I happen to speak the same language and came from the same country with them, but, hey, it's not hard to find a quality com tam restaurant in San Jose, and if it doesn't have the abrasiveness and delusion of grandeur as with Dat Thanh, I guess I'll be fine with it. If my experience isn't unique, I suggest you take the right course of action, and let the ownership of this sorry restaurant know, by taking the most effective action: stop coming to this place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anny P.', '5', "Via BB: Growing up vietnamese I've had plenty of rice dishes. This place does everything right. From the bbq meats to the   the tau hu ky, the complimentary soup and even right down to the blend of nouc mam. I've been here multiple times and turned a lot of people on to this place. Namely the bf who originally RaVed about the philipino version of the dish, using vinegar instead of nouc mam. Decided sounds a lot like com tam so I brought him here :)  I think its safe to say he's now a convert though he does like his vinegar every now and then.. Blech! Oh well! No ones perfect right? The only thing I can really complain is that its located in a small center with a small parking lot.. And if u go on a weekend, be prepared to circle that little parking lot for a while or park up the street and hoof it.. Which isn't always a bad idea to walk off the large amount of food they give u.. I'm always stuffed after! Yay! Thinking about this place makes me hungry.."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bella Trang N.', '4', 'Yee, my favorite com tam aka "broken rice" place!   The portions are huge and the com tam (of all combinations) is good (especially their tau hu ky).  Parking lot is small but I\'ve never looked longer than a few minutes. Highly recommended!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'James D.', '4', "The food here is delicious and the portions are enormous. I've only been here two times thus far but I couldn't even finish my food both visits.  The service here is ok. They take your orders, drop off your food and you pay yourself when you're finished. Try to avoid lunch time as it can get really packed and difficult to find parking in the tiny lot that also shares space with the hawaiian fast food joint across the way. Your meal can get pricy if you order any of the specials that include a variety of things to eat; shrimp cake (the best thing ever), egg pie, shredded pork skin, bbq chicken, pork or beef, sugarcane shrimp and a bbq shrimp skewer. I'd suggest trying it once so you can decide next time what you really want and save yourself a few bucks ordering only that since they give you a generous amount of rice with your meal alongside a soup. Tried the Cha Gio today and it's so so in comparison to homemade. All the traditional condiments are readily available so there's no fuss trying to flag down a waiter for a request.  Overall I really like this place but I had to dock a star because it's cash only, so come prepared."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tristan O.', '5', "Simply the best com tam I've ever had."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Turtle W.', '5', "Even though service is super important to me, i gave this place 5 stars b/c the food is just sooooooo good. The waiters are very nice. The only person who bothers me is the really rude lady at the register. I suppose she's the owner or something because she is one big B! if you know what i mean.  anyhow, the grill pork chops here are FANTASTIC! The food service is really quick too, and if you dine in they give you this broth soup with cilantro... that's pretty good might i add. The best part are the prices... on average $8 for a pretty big portion."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Malyssa C.', '4', "I love love love this place. You can't help but come in because the smell of the food lingers as you drive past it! I've been going here since I was a kid, and I always eat my food to the very last bite. The meat is perfectly marinated and is full of flavor. The plates are here are huge! They have gradually raised the prices over the years, but that won't stop me from coming back! The prices range from about $6 - $10. You'll be full no matter what you order, since the portions are fairly generous.  I'm glad that this place finally got a makeover! It's cleaner now and they upgraded their kitchen also. Unfortunately, the tables are still sticky from spilled fish sauce ): The parking here is terrible and people seem to love to double park. As usual, this place is cash only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Roen R.', '4', 'I ate here with my friend and this place was delicious. It was my first time here and I didn\'t know what to order so I decided to order that yummy looking rice plate on the front of the menu (the only picture they have in the menu). The food came out pretty fast, and it was a lot! Their shrimp cake and their egg cake were really really good. Probably out of all the Vietnamese restaurants I ate at, I\'m convinced  that this place has the best rice plates. There was so much food on the plate, I couldn\'t finish everything, so I let my friend eat the rest LOL. Oh and it\'s kind of hard to find parking because the parking lot is so small. The price was kinda high compared to the other restaurants, but I didn\'t care, I really enjoyed my food. Once again, I didn\'t know this was a "Cash Only" place, one of my worst pet peeves.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Robert G.', '5', "You want com tam?  Then you want this place. I have to admit, as Vietnamese as I am (hey, don't argue with me about this), I get a little confused whenever I'm ordering here.  Basically, I just try to get a combination with as many different things as possible. I make sure to get BBQ pork, BBQ shrimp, shredded pork, and the egg loaf thingy.  The place has the typical, dingy Vietnamese feeling which means it's probably going to taste GOOD.  Get up and pay when you're done;  don't wait for the check.  Leave a dollar per person for tip.  As said by another reviewer, parking is tight. I give 5 stars because compared to other com tam places.... well, you can't compare.  It's #1!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Steph N.', '3', "Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing, but I wasn't impressed. I had the broken rice with sliced BBQ pork and BBQ shrimp.  Huge amt of broken rice, 3-4 measly slices of pork and 3 fishy shrimps - the pork had good flavor, but it came out cold.   My friend's pork chop was pretty sizeable but even  my 2 other friends had a big bowl of the vermicelli with dots of things covering the noodles.   A pork meatball here, some bland BBQ chicken there, a shrimp here just scattered on top.  Oh and the spring rolls are tiny lil buggers. Pho Nguyen around the block is way better with much more generous portions served fresh and hot."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Glenn L.', '4', "This place can get really busy, so i would suggest coming here early to beat the madness during lunch time, since it shares a small parking alot with a bunch of other stores! Their rice plates are really good and prices aren't too bad!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vien T.', '5', "Great rice plate combo! Cheap and fulfilling! Can't ask for a better place to have Vietnamese food!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Victor C.', '4', 'thisplace was actually pretty good. it was my first time eatin vietnamese food.  my friend ordered for me. he ordered the bbq pork chops w the broken rice. and he also ordered the shrimcake with the rice and the shrimp kabob it was ON HIT.  i felt like i was eating at a buffet it was so much food.   very tasty very filling. not greasy. thumbs up.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Wanugee N.', '4', "Most people agree, the 2 best Com Tam (broken rice) restaurants in the greater San Jose area, perhaps in the entire Bay Area, are within a stone's throw of each other. There is Com Tam Thanh, with 2 locations in San Jose and Milpitas, and Com Tam Dat Thanh off Tully in San Jose. This place is larger than Thanh, but a bit more greasier.  The tables are usually all taken, and often there is a waiting list at peak times.  Com Tam Dat Thanh, as the name implies, specializes in Com Tam dishes.  They have 61 on the menu: 7 special (Dac Biet) combination dishes that all feature egg cake, BBQ shrimp and grilled Shrimp on Sugarcane (all $9.95), and 54 combinations with less ingredients (from $5.45 to $8.25). They also have Banh Hoi and Bun (vermicelli) dishes). A popular ingredient here (besides the Dac Biet dishes) is Tau Hu Ky, which is fried shrimp cake wrapped in a thin, crispy tofu wrap. I ordered my Com Tam dish with Tau Hu Ky and Nem Nuong, which is a pork meatball (4 on a skewer) with great flavoring. The dishes are served with a simple chicken stock clear soup and julienned carrots and radish slaw.  The restaurant is open 10 - 8 weekdays and 9 to 9 weekends, but closed on Tuesdays.    To the Vietnamese, this is good comfort food; to the non-Vietnamese, it is a simple but tasty rice plate; and to both it is good grub and a great value!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Whitney N.', '3', 'This place is okay I came here with my dad and my cousin they got the rice plate, look good but the meat was a little bit too fatty for me, I got the banh hoi platter it was okay nothing to really rant and rave about this place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tiffany T.', '5', 'I live like an hour away from here, but I still come here once a month when I have my ortho appointments. The broken rice plates (com tam) IS SOOOO GOOD. I usually get any of the plates with tau hu ky with some type of barbecued beef.  My mouth is drooling just thinking of it. At the end of the meal, I am full and satisfied.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'V T.', '2', "Came here after seeing the 4 star Yelp rating. Regretted the time wasted here.  It's a large place but has the 'hole in the wall' ambiance which I don't mind as long as the food is good. I ordered the #1 combo and my wife ordered another combo. Here's the break down: The Good: Lots of choices on the menu so a wide variety. The food came out quite fast. The tofu wrapped shrimp cake was good. The actual broken rice was not bad. The Bad: Everything else. Grilled shrimp was rubbery, grilled pork and beef were over done. Everything tasted all the same and had the same texture. Had to drown some of the food in sauce to make it edible. Seasoning wise, some things were over seasoned, others were under seasoned.  The Weird: My wife wanted to go to restroom so she waited for like 10 mins as it was locked. After another 5, she knocked on the door. It turns out the owner's wife was in the restroom with her laptop...uh...weird."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mikey P.', '5', "This is the best com tam place in the US! I been to dallas, houston, The Little Saigon, etc... The Tau Hu Ky is gianomous!! and soo good...  The fish sauce is in a big container so you can pour out as much as you want.... unlimited!! Unlimited pickled garlic too yummy!! They need one of these places in SD... if i had the money I'll open one for sure"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John N.', '3', "After eating so much Vietnamese on our vacation back to California, we decided to eat broken rice for dinner so we call in and order 3 dac biet(special) to go so we can eat at our friend house and enjoy some peace of quiet. The food smell delicious in the car and everyone couldn't wait eating it. After we got home, everyone grab a little of each things and started to eat it. It was delicious and no ones were talking or drinking, guess we were hungry. The food fed 8 of us and we still had leftover which i ate for the next 2 days. I like this place but down in OC, there are better Vietnamese broken rice."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'T t.', '2', '1 star for fast service 2nd star for pretty good shrimp cakes & for pretty big portions I had the "broken" rice plate with pork chop, shrimp cake, & pork skin. It was aite. I rather go eat at ao sen in oakland. The price was okay for a rice plate. There\'s A LOT of choices.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'James N.', '5', 'Dat Thanh probably one of my favorite places to go in San Jose. Dat Thanh is always very busy in the weekends. It\'s a really easy location to get to, right off 101 in Tully. This restaurant has  a "Com Tam" specialty. Com Tam is a dish with broken rice grains. The rice texture is very different from regular long grain rice, it\'s somewhat more "dry" (in a very good way!). Their rice is always consistent in quality.  If you don\'t know what to get then I would recommend the Com Tam dish that comes with shrimp cake and grill pork. While you wait for your dish, you would want to make your own fish sauce ready for eating and maybe topping over your rice. You can add hot sauce and onions over the fish sauce. The food here is very "authentic". All the Com Tam I ate here added with the experience is very similar to when I was in Vietnam. Some people might complain about somethings are sticky, it\'s true but the food I always have here is always worth it. I don\'t get the stickiness from the bottles of fish sauce. I don\'t think can be avoidable when they constantly clean the area. I give it 5 Stars since I\'m a rice freak.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lam T.', '4', 'This is a very good restaurant. My family usually come to this restaurant for Vietnamese cuisine and dishes. Highly recommend this place for authentic Vietnamese food! The restaurant may not look appealing on the outside but the food is worth it!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tram N.', '4', 'Decent broken rice plate selections and quality. I am not giving this place a full on 5 stars because of their cash only rule and their parking lot.. I hardly travel to East San Jose but when I do, I try to eat here cause the service is fast and like I said, food is good but the parking and the cash only limits my business here.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cheryl P.', '3', "I wanted something fresh and a little on the lighter side. Decided on bun thit nuong cha gio again! It's been awhile since I've been back and the service/food quality has not changed. Still cheap eats and decent food. It was packed by 7pm.  Since we were both starving, we decided to order 3 dishes - mine aforementioned and his the Com Tam Bi Nem Nuong w/trung hap. We also split an order of cha gio. Our server was fast & talented. At one point he carried 4 plates on one arm and 2 on the other!  $25 dollars later, we left full and content!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'jerry h.', '5', "Com Tam at it's finest...  Kind of dirty, but so are the other 95% of Vietnamese Restaurants... Fool-proof menu, and fast service...  Portions are big so be prepared to waddle from side to side after you're done.  I love burping afterwards. It's worse than a SBD."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'A V.', '4', 'Food is good.  Nice big portion for the price.  I would give it another star for better service.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thuy Tien L.', '5', "Let me explain something to the people who complain about the lack of cleanliness here: good Vietnamese food has never been found in a clean restaurant. There's just something about Vietnamese food that requires it to be cooked in a sticky gray environment that makes you instinctively recoil in disgust for it to be THAT good. Maybe it's because we come from a long line of farmers and peasants who cook and eat close to the ground. In any case, I've eaten here and at other waaaay sketchier Vietnamese restaurants for years and have never gotten food poisoning. Leave your arms and elbows off the tables and wipe your utensils down before you eat, it's not a big deal.  Okay, so the service also sucks, parking sucks, and it can get pretty darn crowded. Who cares?! The most important thing about this place is the food: it's freaking delicious. Rice plates come with broken rice and 8 or 9 different toppings that can be added in any permutation you can think of, even if it's not on the menu. Get one of the special plates (numbers 1-7, I think) to taste all the toppings--they're all proteins of some sort, but they're all made differently and are difficult/strange-sounding to explain. It's a massive amount of food, all for under ten bucks: ask for a takeout box and make two meals of it.  All you have to do to love this place is to get your face in that plate. Nothing else will matter! Oh yeah, meat eaters only."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John N.', '3', "The soup is free, but it tastes like water with fish sauce. Hey, it's free. What can you expect. The rice dishes are okay. But it often make me very thirsty after eating there (it means that there are a lot of MSG). It's close by my home so that's the only reason I go there. Every once in a while, they will serve you with a smile. However, don't expect for a nice welcoming service everytime you go."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny T.', '3', "I've been to a few Com Tam places, and this one doesn't rank too highly on my list of places to go when I'm craving some. Every time I drive by though, I get a whiff of BBQ chicken, and oh boy does it smell good. Perhaps I'll try this place again to see if it's gotten any better, but I don't expect too much, and parking is horrible in this little plaza."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Liza L.', '4', "Came here based on the reviews on yelp...boy I wasn't disappointed.  I had #64 and the hubby had one of the special rice plates..had to order the nem nuong as well..all very good..nem nuong is not as good as brodards but this will definitely satisfy a craving..we'll be back again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'RW G.', '5', "I love this place!!!  The combination plate is so huge that it was enough for my husband and me with just an extra order of rice.  EVERYTHING on the plate was served hot, and soooo delicious.  I tell you, Vietnamese people are geniuses for creating such great food!   They even gave us a calendar with photos of beautiful sceneries from Vietnam's country side.  I'd love to make it there someday!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Frank X.', '4', "FINALLY FOUND IT! a lot of vietnamese places give short shrift to the fried egg roll (cha gio) appetizer. not me. i've been looking for one good place since i left (of all places) denver that gives it the full treatment. many places just give you the egg roll with a slice of lettuce or 2 and some fish sauce at best. most times they even use the wrong wrapper (i.e. not wonton) but this place will give you the one that can count as a full meal -- rolls, cilantro, cukes, lettuce, rice noodle, mint, pickled radish & carrot, etc. all of it and, most importantly, DONE RIGHT. oh yeah, i'll go back for the cha gio. the broken rice plates is what this place is for and it is most tasty. probably not the place for pho."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Quynh B.', '5', 'THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD!! It will always have a near and dear place in my heart because my mom has been taking me here since I was really young. The portions are BIG and they have soooo much variety and different combinations you can choose from. I live in San Diego now and it makes me super sad that there is not even ONE comparable to this restaurant and vietnamese food in general. This place better never close or ever change!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'jose h.', '4', 'When your the only Mexican in a Vietnamese restaurant you know the food is good Long waits  Crowded seating area Awesome FOOD']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'David T.', '3', "I dont know if I'm biased towards Com Tam Thanh, which is a block away, but I just don't really care for this place! First off........ THEY ARE DIRTY!!!! The floors were blackish and my table was sticky (fish sauce sticky). It took me forever to get someone to come clean it so I used my water to wipe down the table. The rice dishes were pricer than other places that I've been too but the plates were still pretty good....... not Com Tam Thanh good but still good! I should of given it 2 stars for its cleanliness,price, and service but hey its an Asian restaurant so I'm used to flithy places and shitty service!!! But the food is still good....... if I ever do come back itll be for togo"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Shirley H.', '5', 'Yummss!!!!! what can i say they have the best Com ever!!!! everything is good on the menu, i tried pretty much everything except the noodles. Its pretty much the samve dish over and over again, they just rearranged everything so it seems like they hav a huge variety!... Sometimes the BF craves for this place so we would have to drive an extra 45 mins just to eat the COM, then, since we in san jose, we just go to the malls..hahaha. BEWARE THEY ARE CLOSED TUESDAYS!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Larry H.', '1', "Face it. You always drive by this place and see billows of smoke pouring out the top of the building. If you're fortunate enough, you even get a good whiff of the stuff as you pass by. Smells pretty good, doesn't it? I enjoyed this place for sometime until I decided to dine in during a recent visit. The rice plates are pretty damned good, but they are leaning on the greasy side a bit. I am a bit concerned about the cleanliness here however. I can always catch a glimpse of someone peeling various vegetables outside as I drive by (without gloves!). And once I even saw a rat run out of the kitchen as it was shooed out by one of the cooks. Also, ordering can be a bit tricky when you don't speak the preferred language: Vietnamese. Try your luck if you'd like. As for me? I'll be getting my fix for Com Tam elsewhere. 1.0/5.0"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Glen H.', '4', "I came here since I was a kid. My parents would sometimes take to go, and even then it was large portions. Maybe I was young.. Who knows? Anyways, from what I remember, this place used to be super dirty, but it's much cleaner now since I came here on Sunday (12/20). The bathrooms pretty clean, the tables are pretty clean to start with, but I had to wipe the chair with a napkin due to oil. Other than that, it's a lot cleaner than before. I ordered a rice plate with bbq pork and fried shrimp cake. The complimentary soup was oily, but it hit the spot. I will definitely be back to try the dac biet (the super huge combo)!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Josh C.', '5', "I've written before that I have a rule about ethnic food--the less the people working there speak English, the better the food is. That rule of thumb was pretty much made for this place. Now I know I'm Asian and I guess I could pass for Viet. That doesn't mean I speak Vietnamese, nor will repeating what you said in Vietnamese make me understand it.  And as for service... a phone menu is more personal than the drones working here. Lastly, do yourself a big favor and don't question the sanitation--imagine that it's part of the ambiance. That said, they still get 5 fucking stars for making the best rice combo plates ever. For $8.95, you get what should realistically be 3 meals, yet my fat ass will chow down on it and force every last broken grain of rice down.  The fun part of this place is making your own sauce--start with nuoc mam (sweet fish sauce), add the little pickled leeks, and spice it up with chili sauce to taste. Your food comes via a man who balances your entire party's plates (no, seriously) on both of his arms. It's kind of amazing, really. The food itself is awesome--it's like a meat buffet on a plate: -a mound of com tam, or broken rice -grilled meat (beef, chicken, pork or meatball) -this crispy shrimp cake thing wrapped in thin tofu -shrimp sausage with a sugar cane in the middle -a slice of egg cake (kind of like a meat omelet) -grilled shrimp -shredded pork (do yourself a favor and ask to substitute this for something else) -and as if to make fun of the vegetarian in all of us, a sorry little salad of lettuce, cucumber and pickled carrots and radish. I love it. This is why Vietnamese in Vietnam think the Vietnamese in America are rich."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gabe A.', '4', 'Good solid rice plate resturant. I have gone there many times and always had a great meal. the price is very good and fast service. food is traditional vietnamese with vietnamese home touches. The spring rolls come with letuce leavs and condiments for making wraps. Fish Sauce and pickled onions on the table, (help yourself) The BBQ Pork is lean and well  spiced. The Fried Shrimp Cake is crispy on the outside and tender inside. They also have the grilled Shrimp on Sugarcane that you do not see often.Only thing keeping it from 5 star is the parking lot, aprox. 75 narrow spaces shared with 14 outher business.(Note) the rice they use is Broken Rice, a Vietnamese staple, Rice that does not make the Grad A  for export and is used by the comon folk for every day.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lan D.', '4', "The Com Tam (broken rice) here is quite delicious! It certainly distinguishes itself from other broken rice places in the area. Portions are large. But the prices here are also more expensive than you typically get at a broken rice joint. Also, this place is cash only, which is to be expected, but still annoying. Parking is difficult. But when you're in the mood for broken rice, this place hits the spot. Service and maintenance of the place could be better, but it passes as a standard Vietnamese restaurant."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Judy P.', '2', 'The Verdict: Poor service and ok food. The wait staff seem like they were new at the whole restaurant serving business...we were brought food without silverware and dishes seemed like an after thought. Once we received our food, they never came back to check on us and I literally had to waive someone down to help us, multiple times. We had to ask for everything...nothing was anticipated. If we ran out of tea - we had to ask them, if we needed our check - we had to ask them; if we needed a box - we had to ask them; if we need silverware - we had to ask them. This became irritating and tiring. The food was ok, but not worth the extra effort needed to meet the wait staff half way. The room was similar to a "cafeteria" and offbeat karoake played in the background. I ordered Korean BBQ flavored beef with broken rice, which was tasty, but three of the six pieces were super fatty. My friends ordred vegetable chow fun (decent) and bowl of soup (didn\'t look to exciting). Would I Recommend it: Not my cup of tea.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Huy N.', '5', "Believe the hype! Totally agree with Basia's review and order recommendations.  If you've never had Vietnamese broken rice before, go here first.  It will ruin you.  Once you go here, this dish will taste like dogfood if you order it anywhere else.  Not to mention, the fish sauce is actually good.  The mixed fish sauce, what some people call nuoc cham (sic), is as a rule terrible at Vietnamese restaurants.  Not here.  And it comes in a Costco sized bottle.  Shweeet."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cat D.', '4', '4.5 Stars Sometimes this place just hits the spot! Sometimes it doesn\'t do that, but it\'s still good.  My boyfriend and I eat at this place often. Maybe every month or so. We actually ate here for our 2nd or 3rd year anniversary HAR HAR. It was great nevertheless. The service can be bad at times. Waiters can have like a "whatever" attitude. But obviously, we don\'t come for good service. We come for the BBQ!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Daniel N.', '5', "I love their rice plates! I don't come here as often as I would like to, but they have some of the best rice plates in town. The portions are more than enough and by the time you're done eating you have enough to take home with you for a light snack or even another meal! I usually order the Com Tam Bi Tau Hu Ky Suon Nuong (Broken rice with shredded pork, shrimp cake, and bbq meat). The rice plate comes with a small bowl of soup and some veggies. Be sure to pour some of the fish sauce over your rice plate. They even have a bottle at the table in case you would want any more. Try to avoid coming during lunch time because parking is limited. There isn't any street parking nearby. You will have to circle a few times or wait for someone to leave."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dave S.', '4', 'Mmmm, broken rice heaven.  10 bucks gets you a huge platter of broken rice, shrimp on sugarcane, skewered BBQ shrimp, your choice of BBQ meat (pork, beef, chicken), quiche, and shrimp cake.  If you want to eat a more reasonable portion, they have every possible permutation of the above on the menu as well. The minus 1 star is for the slimy shrimp cake - I have had better shrimp on sugarcane elsewhere, firm and not greasy.  The shrimp on sugarcane here was a bit jell-o-ey and had the consistency of spam, both in the sugarcane and in the shrimp/tofu cake.  The BBQ meat is outstanding.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ali H.', '5', "Since I live in the East Side of San Jose, the majority of restaurant choices are Vietnamese eat's. After a while, they can taste the same, but NOT this place.             I am a happy camper when I see big portions of yummy food; this place does just THAT!!! It's not really a place of ambiance, but strictly a nice sized restaurant  just dedicated to GOOD food.                Their combo rice plates (on the first section of the menu) are huge, and also have a variety of things such as: egg cake, grilled shrimp, a crispy shrimp cake, some shredded pork, veggies, a generous proportion of rice...all you gotta pick out is the grilled meat! EVERYTHING TASTES GOOD! Oh yea, the food comes to you really fast, even when they're really busy; they always are. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Diana C.', '4', "You want choices? You'll get TONS of choices here. It was difficult to sift through, but I ultimately ordered the vermicelli squares with BBQ pork and shrimp. Drizzling my proportion of fish sauce and chili sauce on my entree, each bite was delicious, especially when I paired it with the sauteed chopped green onion and garlic. Another instance where I walked away with my tummy ultra satisfied."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Party R.', '1', 'Update:  Ordered togo yesterday  and I\'m not happy. I ordered 2 items and rice which was good but the Korean BBQ plate I ordered (Single item) was sad.. Let me tell you why. When I unpacked the box and opened it up there was one slice of Korean BBQ meat cut up in four pieces. I then said out loud "WTF!" I paid $6 bucks for this shiet?( Please see the proof in the pictures section) It seems like they\'re telling you they\'ll stiff you if you order only one item. If you notice the 2 plus item plates they\'re more generous. If they don\'t like serving the one item plates, I say make it a two item minimum but don\'t charge me six bucks for one piece of meat! My companion was left hungry...  OMg and I have to mention this. While the owner was ringing up the sale, the wife was scratching the husband\'s chest with tiger balm and a coin. That\'s fine but not in a restaurant and in public. Eww.. It\'s just not the same anymore. It seems like after the matriarch of the family stopped working there, the quality isn\'t as good as before. Service is hit and miss, food the same, it\'s pretty dirty but they do have decent com tam. I guess I\'ll come back for togo orders only.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mylynh N.', '4', "The Com Tam Dac Biet was DEEEELLLISSH and HUUGEEEEEEE seriously HUUUUUUGEEEE dish. I couldn't even finish even HALF of it because it was big. Seriously! And the dish wasn't even expensive! It was less than 10 bucks for a dish that had a variety of meat and stuff on it. I tried my hardest to eat it all but my stomach was sooooooooooooo full that I was totally bloated! I also burped. A lot. Like BURP BURP BURP oh goooddd make it stop BUURRPP BELLLCHHH. Food makes me so full that I had to burp for more space HAHA. I'm so gross. I would have rated it 5 stars if it wasn't so bad on the service. The waiters were sort of nonchalant and the tables were kinda dirty.  BUT! Overall, food is great if you want Vietnamese broken rice with Asian barbecue meat. So delicious, and quite cheap! WORTH YOUR MONEY MAAAAANNN!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'V T.', '4', 'Love the fast service and the food.  Their prices are truly affordable.  Sure, the decor can use some help, but when the food is this good and cheap, people will come.  The egg cake here is the star of all the broken rice places.  The Bun Thit Nuoung Cha Gio is also solid.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kevin L.', '5', 'Rice plate heaven. Thats all you gotta know. Get the grilled pork chop + whatever else is your preference. I love the egg cake and the shrimp cake here so i usually get that. But seriously rice plate heaven. They use broken rice in their rice plates too! So it makes it even more authentic. For ~$8 a plate, I would come here every week if I lived in San Jose!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Anna G.', '5', "ahhh otroioi! This place has the best barbecue for such a low price! Every time i pass by this place, i whiff in the bbq smell and it leads me straight to their door.   Can't go wrong with this place. Give it a go =D PS: They only take cash."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Henry L.', '4', "Great food, great service, and very yummy . We order three special rice combo thinking we would have no problem finishing it. We were so wrong. Our stomach is so full, it feels like it's going to erupt. The food was so good we didn't want to leave any leftover. It's no cheap ($13 ea) but well worth it. The complimentary broth was just perfect: hot and not too salty. Highly recommended. (4.5 stars)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michelle H.', '4', "My family and I's go to place for broken rice plates!! Soo many options, all sooo yummy! This is a quick place for food. Don't expect a long dinning experience. The tables can occasionally be sticky from the fish sauce but nothing a wipe down won't fix!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tyson L.', '5', "oh hellz yes!!! This place is really good and affordable. It used to be cheaper, but because the economy is down and everything is a little more expensive, the com tam went up in price also. I always get the pork chop with fried shrimp cake over rice; SUPER good and SUPER tasty. I've never had a better pork chop and shrimp cake anywhere in San Jose. Its busy most of the time, so you better strap yourself in and put your name on the clip board before other people do..."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linh T.', '5', "This place is the best com tam restaurant in the Bay Area.  Yeah, all the rice plates you see at Pho restaurants and various Com Tam restaurants around here just do not compare to the ones at Dat Thanh. I love their com tam ga tau hu ky (chicken with shrimp cake).  I fell in love with the tau hu ky (shrimp cake) ever since my first plate of com tam here, which was back in high school (too many years ago).  It was sooo good that my Mom learned how to make it just to satisfy us spoiled kids!!  But even my Mom's excellent Vietnamese cooking skills can't beat this place.  (It's the only place that I'll gladly pass over her home-cooked meals for.) Like everyone else has said, this place is so not sanitary.  But heck, who cares about cleanliness when a hot, great smelling rice plate full of meat and shrimp cake is staring at them?!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Muy C.', '4', "Delicious! I love this authentic Vietnamese joint. Service is pretty reasonable and food is hot and prepared just right.  Large portions for cheap and affordable prices. I could barely finish mine and almost fell into a deep slumber after consumption.   Unfortunately, I didn't get my lucky break since I had to be back at work in half an hour.  Plenty to chose from the extensive menu.  Also, CASH TRANSACTIONS ONLY.   This place consists of 90% Vietnamese customers so be prepared to stick out like a sore thumb if you're not.  Believe me, I know the feeling. haha...  Parking is a big pain in the butt so good luck with finding parking in the small strip mall area.  Also, drive here in one of your most beated up cars without worrying about dings or scratches.  FYI: This place is not for the clean sanitary freaks."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'YMN V.', '3', 'I haven\'t been back here since 2004, since it was really not on our way.  But I\'ve returned this week for dinner.  It was a little disappointing.. We\'ve ordered Com Tam Bi Cha Tom Nuong (shredded pork, steamed pork/egg, grilled shrimp).  Overall it was eeek. The grilled shrimps was way over-cooked and doesn\'t looked appetizing. Cucumbers that comes with it seems like it has been pre-cutted in the morning so it was not crunchy or looked "fresh".  The salad leave should haven\'t been thrown away and not garnish on the plate at all.  The corners were rotten.  The shredded pork also looked and tasted like it was made a few days ago as well ;(  It just does not looked fresh at all. Guess I no longer need to return to this place any time soon.  I did liked the picked leech though.  That was my fav!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jasmin Y.', '3', 'just went there for the first time today for lunch.  This place is packed.  For the whole time i was there, the line never stopped.  We ordered #37 and  #14.  So here is what i think: BBQ beef was good BBQ pork chop was decent in size but a bit too DRY, i almost feel i was eating chinese beef jerky. Shrimp cake was good egg cake was a good, but i like the shrimp cake better Overall i would say price is reasonable in term of the portion they gave, and with variety of combo options, that  is a plus for sure.   But just one thing, i am not so use to, at least for this first time that I have to pay for my hot tea.  For all the other V-restaurants i been to so far, hot tea is always FREE.  (sometimes, i even got a tea bag in the tea pot, but this place has NONE).  But still this place charge 0.25 per person for the hot tea.   Tho 0.25 is NOT so big of deal,  but when you can get the same thing at others for free 100% of the time, and when i asked for a refill (since they gave such a small pot of "tea water"to begin with)  they say they have to charge me a fee AGAIN !!Hummm.... i don\'t know how would you think, but this i don\'t really appreciate it..  Anyways, i will give ABOVE average for this resturant.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gloria H.', '3', "3.5 stars - I think it can become 4 stars on future visit because the food is tasty. It's lunch hour - the little strip mall is packed and the lot is jammed.  Cars looking for space just double park, people pull into space that shouldn't be theirs and we were stuck behind cars that won't go anywhere...stuck and very annoyed, hate inconsiderate people.   We left the lot as soon as we can, drove around the block, parked around the gas station and walked.  The place was packed and there were a lot of people waiting outside and inside.  Thank goodness my bro and sis-in-law got a space and had their name on the list so we only waited about 15 minutes for a table.   This place is known for their broken rice dishes.  We let my bro and sis-in-law take charge and they decided to order 4 different special combo at $11.45 each.  Each large plate consists of fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, egg cake, skewer of bbq shrimp, grilled shrimp on sugarcane and your choice of broiled meatball, bbq pork, bbq pork chop, bbq chicken, bbq beef or bbq beef rib.  We had the bbq pork, pork chop, chicken and beef.  Plenty rice with 3 slices of cucumber and some shredded pickled carrots and turnips.   Lunch also came with a bowl of clear broth with a dash green onion and cilantro - it was flavorful, almost like wonton soup.  I love that each table has a jar of pickled garlic and a large bottle of fish sauce at your disposal!  We had plenty of both to go with the rice.   We liked everything we had, especially the fried shrimp cake which is new to us.  The shrimp cake is wrapped in bean curd so the outer layer is crunchy and the fish sauce sure comes in handy as dipping sauce.   The special combo is great for a first timer to try everything but it's huge and too much for one person.  Returning, we'll be sure to order a smaller combo with the items we like best. The french coffee with condensed milk was also very tasty."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Quanghuy L.', '5', 'Delicious rice plate combos for a cheap price.  Newly remodeled and extremely fast service. What more can I say?']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Stacy T.', '2', "Well seasoned meats but be prepared, they aren't fresh. Our dish came out less than 3 minutes of ordering.  Not worth it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Amie L.', '3', "I give this restaurant only 3 stars..why? I am Vietnamese, and being Vietnamese in San Jose...you're forced to be very picky of all the food that you eat because of the humongous amount of restaurants in the bay area. You obviously can't eat at ALL of them, even though you can make an attempt.  Okay...first off, the parking is tight and small. It takes about 10-15 minutes to find a parking space IF you're there at rush hour. Then, when you first step into the restuarant, these friendly peope will welcome you. When they give you a table..do NOT put your hands, arms, or elbow on the table. I repeat, DO NOT TOUCH THE TABLES UNLESS YOU'RE FORCED TO! It may look clean, but it is sticky and smelly because of the fish sauce that is eaten with the rice plates. EVERYTIME I come out of the restaurant, I become all smelly =(. Okay, moving on to the food. The rice plate portions are good for the price that you pay. It is cheap compared to many com tam restuarants that I've been to. The com tam (broken rice) are all mushed together and it feels like you're eating dry pouridge instead. The barbequed beef is filled with fat and more chunks of fat. What I highly recommend is the shrimp covered with tofu (tau hau ky). That is by far the yummiest. The grilled shrimps are dry and overcooked at times BUT the korean ribs are good ^^. Usually, each plate has a selection of meat, depending on what you pick. They have vegetables and pickled carrots on the plate, and of course, the rice. It'll make you full, trust me.   This place is good if you're short on money and extremely hungry. I'm sorry to have to diss this place so much. I am picky with my food. =)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thuy V.', '4', 'Wow so good and so cheap. Parking sucks though, I would not go around peak hours. BBQ pork chop = salivary gland overload.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thanh N.', '4', "This place brings back lots of memories, first place I had to stop by when I was going down South on 880.  Don't go here on the weekends if you're not prepared to wait half the morning to eat lunch."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Wendy T.', '4', "All the rice plates here are BOMB!!! The dish I like the best is BBQ chicken and shrimp cake. There fish sauce is really good...not too strong, sweet, or bland.  The only down turn of this place is parking. The parking lot is small and it's for the whole plaza's customers to use it."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dan L.', '5', 'Been going here since i was little. The hu tieu and brown sauce is to DIE for.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mimi L.', '4', 'My mom has been working here ever since the grand opening. She brings me home food whenever I ask her but usually it\'s for my boyfriend or friends.  I\'m not going to be bias with my review just because my mom works here. The restaurant could be a lot cleaner and parking is small and crowded, I always hate reversing out of my parking. The food is great but I am quite tired of eating the meat and what not but whenever I tell my friends that my mom works here they freak out, "Oh my god! Your mom works there! Tell her to bring me food too!"  I think it\'s just me- I get free food from there whenever I want so I\'m taking it for granted.  PS/ I would recommend the spare ribs!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '3', 'Com Tam Dat Thanh has been opened fairly some time now and I never once had the intentions to give this place a try due to there shabby and dirtiness... Anyhow, I was around the area and finally decided to give it a try and I was a bit disgusted when I walked in. Thank god I had some sanitary wipes to wipe the tables. I requested for hot water so I can dip my utensils. LOL...  The food is good and I guess it makes up for the dirtiness. The next time I eat here, it would be Togo.  Parking is complicated at times.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Susan P.', '5', "I really only have a few things to say: 1) It's nice to find that Vietnamese food isn't just all about Pho. 2) The meat tastes exactly like the plume of BBQ smoke that surrounds the joint. 3) I come out of Hot Pot City smellier than here so it's all good."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thao L.', '4', "Oh yeah, yet another childhood favorite. I wish I still lived in SJ sometimes. I have to say they have one of the best rice plates I've tasted. The rice plates in Oakland, don't compare. Their chicken, beef, pork, etc is always moist and flavorful."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bee V.', '5', "best rice plate place in town!! i used to eat here a lot when i was young but i stopped going because my parents and i don't have extra sunday mornings to go out anymore. however, i just came here today and it's just as yummy as i remembered! i ordered broken rice with thit nuong and tom nuong and the thit nuong was sooo good and marinated just right. the shrimp however wasn't too great. it kind of tasted like cheap and old shrimps. that's okay though because everything else was delish and even the service was great! that's really hard to come across especially in vietnamese hole in the wall restaurants. the guy that helped us out knew vietnamese AND english (surprisingly).  what i noticed and appreciated the most was when me and my bf started rearranging our things to get up, the worker with the buckets that collected all the dishes didn't come straight to our table and grab the dishes right in front of us. he waited until we left the table!!!! that is VERY VERY rare to see in asian restaurants. thanks vietnamese worker guy!! the only down side is the crazy traffic on tully and the crazy small and tight parking lot=P~  food check! cheap prices (650$-8$ plates avg) check! service check! 5 stars!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Pi A.', '3', "1. I had a Com tam bi cha and my friend had a com tam nem cha. The food is above average. Hot soup is good, especially at this winter time. 2. Service was so slow and not available. Hope they will improve. 3. Too expensive: one com tam bi cha + one com tam nem cha + hot tea = $24.90. I asked for receipt but the receptionist, he told me he did not have any receipt because they just took cash (the answer does not make any sense!!!) I guess they've earned a lot money since cheating the IRS (CASH ONLY) Hope they will not cheat the IRS any more Hehehehe... 4. Rest room is very dirty, stink and slippery. 5. May come back but not recommend."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Carol T.', '4', 'I usually go here with my parents and my sister whenever we can get the chance to ever since I was 5. Every time we drive down the street, we can always smell the food lingering in the air, which means to us "Let\'s go eat there now". Why is there one star missing, sometimes the waiters/waitress can\'t just wait for people to order their food and I would ask them can we get another 5 to 10 minutes to look at the menu, which turns out to be like 20 minutes. I think that\'s the only reason, I guess, but overall, I love the food, and everything about it.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tess R.', '2', 'Eh true Vietnamese people know to visit COM TAM THIEN HUONG...DAT THANH is dirty and gross. I do NOT enjoy my food with flies. Plus Thien Huong has those nem nuong cuon like Brodard! WINNING !!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kelsea L.', '4', 'i thought that this place was good. it wasnt WOW!!!!!!!!!! but it was omg this sucks. it was just good. on our way back from santa cruz, we stopped in sj for late lunch early dinner. this place is big inside. many seats. i love how we could make our own fish sauce. its crazy. i was like why arent they giving us some dipping sauce for the porkchops and all. then i looked at the condiments and there you go. it was right there all along. so we could pour as much as we want. the broken rice, i have never seen or eaten before. it was okay. im in love with the spring cake. many of my friends thought it was tofu. it make look like tofu but its shrimp and hella good! hahah..it costs $13 for the special and i dont think its worth it. if you are interested in this place, get the porkchops with shrimp cake.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lude I.', '3', "Food was good, we got the grilled meatballs with fried fish cake. The problem was the amount, too little rice (a very flat scoop of rice) and 4 meatballs. Luckily I wasn't that hungry, but if I was I would have needed to order 3 plates."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Donovan T.', '4', "the food here is awesome. not only is it really good, its pretty damn cheap as well. i usually get any of the grilled pork dishes (either w\\ rice or bun) and its alot better then other com tam places in San Jose. it can get pretty busy (especially on weekends) too. as usual, the best vietnamese places aren't the cleanest and they usually have shoddy service and dat thanh isn't an exception. its okay though, this place doesn't try to be fine dining and you shouldn't have those expectations when eating here anyways. just come here with a couple dollars and empty stomach and be ready to eat! ps - the parking here is HORRIBLE. its in a small shopping center with a bunch other stores and theres no way that lot can accomodate every business in that plaza."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Seung O.', '4', "excellent Vietnamese food!!! I am a big fan of Vietnamese food and finally got around to trying some restaurants in Little Saigon area.  I got the 11.95 special combo plate with BBQ short ribs, shrimp cake, egg cake, and other stuff that I can't name.   I put fish sauce over everything and chowed it down.  It was really good.  I would definitely recommend this place, it's just like pho restaurants, just with rice plates.  (which means don't expect great service)  but other than that it was great."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'hungry ..', '1', 'Went there today at 6pm. I ordered the rice dish with pork chop, shrimp skewer, and fried shrimp paste. What I got looked like it was sitting around under heat lamps since lunch. The shrimp skewer and pork chop were drenched in oil and had a peculiar taste. The dishes here are not made to order. They are premade and sit around under lamps until ordered. On top of that, their dishes are dirty. This place is disgusting.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenn P.', '4', "I usually order the com tam suong nuong with tau hu ky. I've notice that the thit nuong is scrap like meat (little pieces) so I prefer the suong nuong because you get a nice, big pork chop. Their tau hu ky is hella good and comes out crunchy on the outside; don't think I've ever had anything like it anywhere else. Tonight, I also got cha but I don't recommend it because it's very egg-y. I think I'm just used to my grandma's cha because she puts crab and shrimp so it's meatier.   The meat is flavorful and perfectly grilled. I've never had problems with them burning the meat except when I get thit nuong. When you drive down Tully away from 101 during the day time, you can see clouds of smoke coming from their restaurant and smell the meat. Kinda gross in a way but waay yummy when you are super hungry. On the plate, there's also some pickled veggies, lettuce and cucumbers.  FYI - the green chili pepper is VERY spicy so remove it from your plates ASAP so you don't accidentally eat it, esp if you can't handle spicy. Rice plates are accompanied by a small bowl of broth/soup. Tonight, they gave me an extra one, how nice since it was raining and cold. Usually by the time you finish your soup, your rice plate is ready. Some waiters can carry 5+ plates on one arm, very impressive! The service here is pretty typical of Vietnamese restaurants, if you need something, you have to flag someone down and ask. The only major negative for me is the parking situation. It can be a pain on the weekends as well as the wait. The restaurant is not exactly the cleanest (hole in the wall-esque) and their ventilation system is a bit lacking. Another downer is the rising costs. When I first started eating here the special combination plates (number 1-7) were about $8 and they are now $11.45, big difference...  Note: if you order to go, the portion is huge! They give you twice as much rice as they do when you eat sit down. Overall, this is probably one of the best places for com tam in the South Bay, I am definitely a fan!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cathy D.', '4', 'I don\'t speak Vietnamese....so I had to look up what \'Com Tam\' meant since many people mentioned it in their Yelp reviews.  Its definition is actually on wikipedia. Com Tam means "broken rice" usually served with grilled meat and vitenamese side dishes. For simplicity, mini rice....HOORAY. They definitely have the BEST Vietnamese Rice Plates for reasonable prices. I\'ve been living in the South Bay pretty much for the last decade of my life and have been exposed to numerous Vietnamese restaurants, so I\'ve had alot of Vietnamese rice plates to compare to. A friend introduced me to this place and this definitely stood out above the rest. I knew that I would definitely be back. For about $10 you can get a special rice combination plate and these plate are HUGE with lots of goodies. Grilled shrimp, egg cake, shrimp cakes, ....OH YEAH!!! The teeny tiny rice is so cute....I love eating it. The other non-combo plates are about $7 and are good for those with smaller appetites. I\'ve tried finishing a combo plate in one sitting and was in a food colma for several hours. Lesson learned....eat half and save the rest for later. There\'s always alot of people in here (a majority of people are Vietnamese)....so that definitely means it\'s good. Yes bring cash....The only thing I think can use improvement is their fish sauce. It is served cold at room temperature and a bit water down (not saltly enough to my liking) as I usually like it served hot with carrot slices in it. Parking can be a pain in this small plaza.....but I still highly recommend it for a quick casual bit to eat. THIS IS MY FAVORITE PLACE FOR VIETNAMESE RICE PLATES!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kat D.', '5', 'With Vietnamese food, as with any other cuisine, you have certain spots that offer THE BEST of one dish. This place has the best Com Tam - Broken Rice Plates. Their plates are huge! For $8 you get a big plate with broken rice, meat, salad, a sugar cane wrapped in grilled shrimp, quiche, Vietnamese shredded pork, egg roll, and a soup. So much food, you can share a plate and still take some home! All the food on the plate, except for the soup, is meant to be eaten with the orange sauce poured over it. Most places give you just a small bowl of the orange sauce, but here they have a large bottle at your table to drown your food in!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Karen R.', '4', "WOW!  YUM!  Vietnamese rice plates!!! We drove into the strip mall - where this restaurant sits - on a fair Sunday afternoon and saw quite a few groups of people standing outside waiting.  Actually there were no less then 20 people standing outside waiting for a table.  We were in disbelief; after all, this was past 3pm!!  Hardly close to lunch nor dinner time... of course, it was our lunch time so I suppose why not others lol. Parking is horrible!  ...and too many vendors who don't share... so if you're going in a group, carpool!  ...also for the sake of other diners lol.  We almost got into a not so nice experience when this woman rushed into a space we'd been waiting for the guy to back out - she slid in from the other side.  But the husband was nice (enough) and let it go.  It wouldn't have been that fun if I was driving :) Our food experience here was similar as all the four and five star reviews here.  The food is excellent and a lot of it - I had number 16 and the husband had number 18.  I'm not a broken rice lover so I had the regular rice plates.  The specials are with the broken rice.  Bruce wasn't thrilled with the grilled shrimp - it was good but it was well, grilled shrimp lol.  Mine was... a lot of food!  I didn't clean out my plate even though I absolutely loved everything on it.  ...and the rice plates all come with a bowl of broth - NICE!   If I lived in San Jose, I certainly will be a regular customer here!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Phil L.', '5', "Quick and simple, BEST rice plates anywhere at a good price.  High quality rice plates with very generous portions for around 7-9 bucks.  Cannot go wrong here.  Yes it's not the cleanest restaurant, but who cares when the food is so good? Only drawback is the limited parking during peak hours that this restaurant is located."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Steven B.', '4', "I love Com Tam and always had trouble finding a place with consistently good dishes, and after trying Com Tam Dat Thanh, its the place where I now go to get some good food! The place is crowded at times but come early and you'll get a table. Their food is really authentic. I took my mommy there and she said its pretty much really close to authentic as it gets. The waiters are crazy! Holding many plates at once and not even dropping one. Their food is consistently good, never had any complaints. Its inexpensive, delicious, and quick. I take the 35 minute drive from Fremont to come here and get some good food when I'm craving it!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Khai T.', '5', "Place is bomb!!!! This is only Com Tam place thats worth going to. Order the dac biet and you'll know why haha"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mellie D.', '4', 'This is the real deal for the Vietnamese "broken" rice plates. I agree with other reviewers in that it\'s the best I\'ve had in San Jose. I\'ve been to this restaurant a few times, though not lately, but I\'ll review it anyway because I\'m having a monstrous craving for it now.  I always order the same dish...the grilled pork chop + shredded pork + egg/meat patty over rice. My family loves to top that dish off with some fried eggs. My one pet peeve about having this dish at other restaurants is that the grilled pork is not cooked fresh - i.e. been cooked, refrigerated and then microwaved before serving.  At Com Tam Dat the pork tastes like it\'s grilled right before it comes to you. I switch back and forth between ordering the pork chop or the grilled slices of pork, both are fantastic.  I can\'t comment on the rest of the menu but I ate at the Com Tam Dat Thanh in Milpitas when they first opened - one of the worst rice plates I\'ve had. Not sure if they are related, different cooks, etc...I hope they have improved because that opening day, I had a hard time finishing my food and that never happens at the original restaurant on Tully.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Francesca B.', '5', "I been coming to this place, with my family since it first opened in the late 90's and this place still looks the same after all these years. When I come here, I usually ordered my usual food item Com Thit Nuong and it's quite tasty, but these days the employees don't give as much meat as they used to which is quite strange. Nonetheless, I still love to eat at this place when I'm craving for Com Thit Nuong"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chih S.', '1', 'really dirty restaurant. i got hair in my com tam twice. yea twice. "DU MA" ever since that i go to com tam thien on senter which is much better.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jeremy C.', '4', "A great place to come when you're craving meat but can't really narrow it down farther than that. Ordered one of the massive samplers, and was more than a little suspicious when it appeared on my table 3 minutes later.  Fortunately, my apprehension was mostly unwarranted: BBQ Pork - Actually this was disappointing - dry, low-quality beef jerky-ish cuts, and cold.  The marinade, however was delicious - sweet, tangy, with  a large dose of lemongrass Fried shrimp - not as heavy as I was expecting, with a wonderful garlic aftertaste Shredded pork - great when mixed into the fish sauce and broken rice Shrimp on sugarcane - tasted like something you might find in Japanese oden, with a nice sweet contribution from the sugarcane BBQ shrimp - nice marinade, but the shrimp weren't too tasty Egg cake - surprisingly good, almost like a light custard Chicken soup - nothing to scoff at - a simple, comforting, home made broth that complements the sweet and sour of the rest of the meal Bottom line - while the ingredients weren't top notch, the variety and flavorings definitely make up for it.' Tip - on weekends they open at 9am.  Come early and avoid the parking mayhem!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thy L.', '4', 'Com Tam Dat Thanh is known for its broken rice dishes. The portions are large for a reasonable price in the SF area. If you think about it though, it should be less expensive anyway. The cost of buying broken grain is cheaper to begin with. The combo that I got was about $12 and included shrimp cake, shrimp paste on a sugarcane, barbeque chicken, pickled shredded pork & pork skin, and egg & pork cake. My favorite was definitely the shrimp cake though. My one complaint is that the dish was a bit too salty for me.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ryan L.', '4', "Great portions for the price and the food is great so long as you order correctly. I spent about $11 total for #61 on their menu and will probably be my go to item on the list from now on. I forgot what I ordered the first time, but it just didn't compare to what I got the 2nd time around."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eladio S.', '4', "I've been a fan of Com Tam Dat Thanh since it opened up years ago. In fact, I'm trying to remember what was in that space before. Between Xinh Xinh and my buddy that used to work at Best Liquors next door, I've been quite the regular in this plaza. I think the bums that hang outside the liquor store even recognize me...  The Food at Dat Thanh is great. I've tried most dishes, the Suong Nuong, Thit Nuong, Ga Nuong, Bo Nuong, and even those beef wrapped onions. All are great, but I always seem to like the Ga Nuong and Thit Nuong the best.  My recommendation is to take your order to go. You get a larger portion and you can also avoid the wait, especially if you're here on a weekend."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Felix K.', '5', 'After trying a million places, this is the only place I now go to get com tam. Everything is right and the prices are really reasonable. The only bad part is the line that there is sometimes on the weekends, but it usually goes pretty fast. I always get really stuffed and leave happy when I go here.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lyna K.', '5', "I used to live righ behind this restaurant.  Saw many pho places come and go. This is the only establishment that has lasted for more than 3 years in that spot. especially considering there is lion plaza down one end and senter food on the other        You seriously can't beat their rice plates or their vermecilli  noodle bowls.        If you can't find the place, i garantee you will smell the place a mile away. imagine waking up to that for a good 5 + years.        and if you have been to any other vietnamese retaurants ( aside from those frou-frou ones) they mostly look like this inside."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Andrew A.', '2', "Food was great and service wasn't as bad as I expected.  This place should not pass ANY food and saftey reg.laws though.  There was a prep cook in the dinning area slicing radishes, and the overflowing toilet in the men's room also doubled as a storage.  Usally I will wash my hands before I eat, but I would recommend washing after you leave this place. Even though the food is great, I doubt we'll go again."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Wilson C.', '3', "If you're looking for big plates of rice and lots of meat, this is the place to go.  You get undoubtedly get the biggest plate anywhere in the Bay Area of com tam.  You get lots of choices of what type of meat and side meats.  Everytime I've come here I've only gotten the rice plates so I don't know how the other dishes are.  They also have this fried meat pie thing that I haven't seen at other Vietnamese restaurants.  The food is definitely worth a try. I don't really understand why others think the place is dirty.  I think it's average for a Vietnamese restaurant.  The only knock I'd have on the place is the complex seems kind of ghetto.  Maybe you can order the food to go and just come in and out.   I give it three stars because I like the food, the portions are huge, but it's not a place I think of going to when I want Vietnamese food."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cyprus N.', '4', "This place specializes to make broken rice course (Com Tam), it's truly one of the best traditional Com Tam place in San Jose."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'David L.', '4', 'The best part of the dish i ate was the grilled pork it was juicy and flavorful. The actual rice was so so but i would come back for theit shrimp cakes yum.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tony T.', '4', "They serve the best Com Tam (broken rice) in town.  I like their rice as it's not too hard or not too soft.  It's very important to cook good broken rice to go with other meat items to claim the best."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John O.', '4', 'DAMN ! Whenever I pass by this place, I smelled BBQ lolz and it makes me hungry. The rice plates are HUGE with plenty of food. Should order the combo plate has BBQ pork chop, shredded pork , and the deep fried cake. Would rate this place 5 stars but the service pretty suck so 4 stars is fair enough']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joe C.', '4', 'The rice dishes and the pho are about as good as a home cook   ever you better off get drinks before hand when you go this place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Chris C.', '5', "'Com Tam' is translated literally as 'broken rice'.  Don't let the translation fool you though as it doesn't relate to poor quality.  Good com tam is hard to find around the world outside of Vietnam.  For my money, this is the best in the SF bay area.  For $7.95, you get a deluxe rice combo that would feed a small third world family nicely.  What this place lacks is any semblance of hygiene and good service.\r   You get your food quick without any nonsense and you get to make your own version of 'nuoc mam' (diluted fish sauce condiment) that is essential for this dish.  Most regulars order before they plant their behinds on the cheap and uncomfortable chairs making sure they get their meal in 10 minutes and out in less than 30.\r   For the quinessential hole in the wall it's all about the food here and fortunately, the food is good."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Xue H.', '3', "I got the #4 rice combo (BBQ Chicken). BBQ chicken - was ok broken rice - greasy egg cake - good shrimp sausage with sugarcane - pretty good, though I didn't care for the sugarcane in the middle grilled shrimp - nothing special. crispy tofu wrapped around shrimp cake - was ok--again, too greasy therefore the crispiness didn't stand out either. soup/broth - tasted pretty good, but who knows what they put in it? fish sauce - I think this is sweetened vinegar?  Smelled strange at first, but went pretty well with the meal.  They put it in a large plastic bottle on the table--I don't know if this is good. shredded pork - good salad - uh...what?  i guess it made the plate look prettier. Overall - greasy :( fun to try all the various things but stuff started tasting the same HUGE portions was good (I shared it with someone and we came out disgustingly stuffed) however there is better tasting healthier food elsewhere Note about broken rice - broken rice is an even lower grade of rice than white rice.  It is actually white rice that has been damaged, probably during the milling process when the kernel breaks.  So all the calories of white rice, with even less nutrients and fiber.  Lots of people don't even eat this (like my grandparents in China) because it is considered low quality.  But I've never had it before, so it was worth a try :)  Definitely interesting (like most unhealthy foods, haha). Also, we came a little after 1 and some people were still waiting on a table (we waited about 5 min), and although we were able to find parking, the space was very tiny."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Aimee P.', '4', 'Really love the rice plates here - and the portions are perfect - you get a good amount of meat! My favorite is the bbq pork rice plate with the fried shrimp cake! They also have a good bbq beef rib - similar to a Korean "kal bi" but with lemon grass (i think). Service is quick - and the servers do not talk much - but are friendly  overall. I wish it was a "nicer" place to eat - but the food is so good, it doesn\'t matter! CASH ONLY - so make sure you bring $$$.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Karen S.', '4', "This place is walking distance from my house. Every time I drive/walk/bike by the smell of bbq is wafting in the air making me hungry for their bbq goodness.  Great meals at reasonable prices. The service here sucks, but I always get it to go anyways.  You can't go wrong with any of the bbq (pork, beef). The meals usually include some sort of seafood. There is a shrimp cake which is a little interesting but tasty nonetheless.  The meal includes two types of meat, a scoop of rice, and a little vegetable medley which includes a cucumber and some carrots."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lucy L.', '3', 'Everybody here speaks vietnamese. lol i was introduced here by a buncha vietnamese guys. this place is really cheap. they take cash only.  went here a few times with friends. recommended if you want to get some food quick and cheap they only have rice plates i think']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '5', 'This place has always been my go to place for com tam.  Food is always good here, you could smell the fresh meat grilling as you drive by.  Service is that of a typical Vietnamese restaurant...get seated, order, receive your soup/rice plate, and then go up to pay at the register.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Truc N.', '5', "i hate parking here but i'd go through it just to eat at this restaurant!  It may not be the nicest nor cleanest, but they're food is freaking BOMB!!!  as long as you don't expect good customer service, fancy decor, and easy parking, you should be able to love this place as much as i do.  Everything is good here, the beef, the pork, the chicken, the shrimp, etc.  Get the whole shabang!  you have to get the tau hu ky!  It's nice and crispy and very flavorful.  We have friends from out of town and they always want us to take them here...and i'm not complaining!!  :D"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Luna L.', '4', "I've been coming here for years and come here when I'm craving for a broken rice dish. Parking is usually crowded but we usually manage to find one in a few minutes. Over the years they've been getting more non-Viet people and their service has gotten better. They were very welcoming and accomodated our little one by putting us in a less traffic area. Their rice is usually really good but we caught them on an off day today with mushier rice. Fish sauce was good as usual and the shrimp cake was delicious like always. My BBQ chicken was a bit saltier than usual but I like salt, so it was good with the rice. I had the soy bean milk and it was very fresh. I haven't found a better place than this yet but if you do, let me know. I'm open to trying out other Com Tam places. As always make sure you bring cash. They don't have an ATM in the shopping area."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny L.', '4', "Yum yum... Their BBQ beef is good. They give you a good amount of food and it's not too pricey. It gets pretty busy around lunch and dinner. This is probably the spot to go for rice plates. You can order to go also. I usually do, but parking is such a hassle during busy hours. You can't find parking anyway in that dinky plaza! Don't expect to order pho here because they don't have any."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tif L.', '5', 'I have been eating here as long as I can remember. If you want authentic broken rice plates (the restaurant is named that), then come here. Meat is always cooked perfectly, great fried shrimp cakes, awesome egg cakes and better yet, it is super cheap.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tu D.', '4', 'As many of yelpers on here describe...the portions are HUGE and all for under $10. I usually get the combination of combinations. THis includes a bit of everything. Dont come here for the service because you will be disappointed. Come here for the food at very affordable prices. THis is not really a date place either. Its more of a lunch with friends or hungry-and-have-no-one-to-go-with kind of place.  I would give it 5 starts but I have to subtract something for service & parking. Overall I love this place and always try to go at least once a month.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jennifer H.', '4', "Wished we had read the yelp reviews first, but that's why I am writing. Get the soup noodles or the rice places, then take the dim sum to go.  I was tempted by the to-go selections in the shopping plaza, so passed on the popular entrees and opted for the buns.  The three of us ended up sharing my brother's wonderful rice plate, but it was plenty. None of our drinks turned out as expected, so the meal wasn't as good of a deal as it could have been."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Julienne P.', '3', 'The com tam is pretty good.  The grilled shrimp are puny ands sorry looking though.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Long W.', '1', 'One of the best Com Tam in San Jose, until my boss found a roach in his egg cake.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kevin P.', '5', 'Best com tam in San Jose, hands down. Give you alot for a good price. The meat is juicy and tender.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Love M.', '1', "Everybody raves about this dirty-ass restaurant!!  I found a gray hair in my fucking rice!! And I think that's  pretty gross!! If you like gray hair in your food, then you should eat here, and vomit later!!!  As for me, i don't think so!!  Not even if it's FREE!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'John Z.', '4', "The rice plates here are the bomb.  The meat/seafood tastes great and the portions are large. Love the eggrolls here as well. Great location right off of 101 but parking is usually tough.  This is a dirty hole in the wall but then again the food really makes up for it.  I'm becoming more familiar with Vietnamese food and this is one of the first places I have tried out more than once and I guess I hit the mother load on the 1st try according to the reviews."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lily N.', '4', "The place looks dirty, the parking lot sucks.  BUT I LOVE THE COM TAM HERE. Just get it to go, i know i always do and it tastes oh so good. $8 for a full hearty meal. It's a winner in my book"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sarah G.', '4', "It's sooo cute -all the little broken rices! I love it!  I order the plate with the slab of pork and it comes with a kinda fish cake as well. I over eat here because it's so dang good and I'm indebted to my Viet coworker for his crazy story of how he made it to the US shores for a better life and um, to show our team this restaurant. I def. make it a destination lunch place and hopefully will drag my BF and teenager here as well."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Melissa T.', '3', 'This restaurant specializes in "broken" rice plates. I\'m pretty sure it means that the rice grains are shorten than the norm. The menu is pretty long with a bunch of different combos. I chose the dish with shredded pork, bbq beef, and egg cake over rice. Sooo delicious with fish sauce mixed in. [= The shrimp cakes here are tasty as well!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thanh D.', '3', "I used to love this place a lot! Sigh. The food isnt as good as it was. The soup they give u along with your order is salty, but it's kind of understandable since it's free. The rice is hard to swallow. The price is so so Over all this place is where you can bear with. I may come back to give it a try again to see if there's a difference. oh poor my favorite place o.0"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Rob C.', '3', 'i think i made a mistake and didn\'t get the com tam dac biet (grilled pork) instead I shared the nem nuong special plate and some egg rolls their fish sauce was excellent (in the water bottle) most the items on the plate were like a "dense paste," and the bbq shrimp could have been juicier.  broken rice was good. side broth of green onions, parsley overall, didn\'t like the sweet glaze on the pork balls and shrimp that much but this place is known for good rice plates thus go for the grilled pork (which looked excellent)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenny C.', '3', 'This place has wonderful tasty Vietnamese  food. My Friend Vivian that I went to High school with her family runs it. The only ONLY problem I have with it is the hygiene. The tables are sticky and the cups are not FULLY WASHED, I found a baby fly in it and the rim of the cup was sticky as well. Whats with asian places having cleaning issues, must be in a hurry to make the money LOL. SO NOW I just order food to go and eat it out of the Styrofoam box cuz that HAS TO BE cleaner right?']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mike G.', '4', 'Good eatery. My co-workers and I have been come in here for years, the price went up over the years. I always ordered #50 with extra chicken. Love the little onions with fish sauce and hot sauce. Parking is bad though, so go there either early around 11:30 or after 12:30. But lately, the place seems less crowded...still a good place though.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Irene C.', '5', "Com Tam Dat Thanh is seriously the BEST com tam place in San Jose. Maybe the bay area? You seriously cannot get any better than this. My family has tried different com tam places but they can't compare.  You get really generous portions and the price is great. The food has always been delicious as well as the drinks. The place is always busy but the wait staff is usually right with you. Another plus is that other places are really cheap with their fish sauce (you get a tiny little bowl and that's it) but not this place. They have a bottle of it there for you to use.  It's sort of small and parking can be hard to find. It's not a place to have an intimate conversation. But it's great com tam and I always like to take friends here for some good vietnamese food.  Let me tell you though ... you leave smelling of bbq and the smell stays with you all day unless you shower. And for all the newbies, it's an vietnamese restaurant meaning don't expect superior customer service, good english or exceedingly clean silver ware (but that's why you wipe off your fork before you use it)."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mr. and Mrs. L.', '5', "Hubby's Review: My Thursday lunch joint with a friend.  I'm here every week for the number 14.  It's a huge serving of broken rice, bbq beef, shrimp cake, a bowl of chicken soup and a ton of scallions.   The place is filled with locals who know where to get their com tam on.  Highly recommended.  Say hi to me if you recognize me...haha....yeah, I'm into myself...."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dre T.', '4', 'YO!! I\'ve passed by this place for years, and the smell always intrigued me.  You know a good Asian bbq smell, but I was always too chicken to go inside.  Mainly because I\'m not Vietnamese, and sometimes at Vietnamese places frequented by mostly all Vietnamese people there is sometimes an unfriendly vibe.  No offense to all, I\'m just sayin. anyhow. Anyhow, I went on a Wednesday night only about 1/3 of the tables were occupied.  The place wasn\'t dirty, as suggested by other Yelpers.  And the Waiter who seated us was extremely FRIENDLY.  He asked us if we had any questions after we reviewed our menus.  My daughter had the Chicken and rice.  I had the BBQ Beef Rib, Chicken and Pork Skin and Rice.  My sister had something i cant remember. The food came quickly and was out of this world good.  The marinade was great and the flavor of all meat was supurb.  I felt it was a good value, the 3 of us ate and drank for 27 bucks.  And were all competely full after our meal.  My only complaint is that the food was not "right off the grill hot".  It wasn\'t cold, but it just seemed to be cooked earlier and then reheated.  Perhaps because it was a pretty slow night.  If the food woulda been hot this would be a 5 star review!  I will mosdef go back again and experiment with other items on the menu. Without Yelp I probably woulda never gone inside this joint and I recommend it to all.  I think I\'m going back sometime this week! :)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Keith L.', '4', 'I\'ve been coming to this place for years.  I come here with my co-workers and my family.  I wouldn\'t necessarily call it a hole in the wall ... it\'s more of a portal to Vietnamese BBQ goodness.   I usually get the "works" which includes BBQ pork, the egg cake, the fried bean curd shrimp roll, and the shredded pork skin.  On top of all that I get the fried egg (sunny side up of course).  All this is served with their broken rice which is fantastic.  They give you a generous portion of fish sauce to pour over your food.  Before I pour the sauce over my food I drop in a couple of the pickled onion bulbs and drop in a spoon full of hot sauce.  I can recommend all of the rice dishes but the noodle dishes are just ok.  I rate this place four stars because it\'s cheap, and the eats are good.  Don\'t come here for the high end ambiance, any place where they hang a bag of water on the ceiling for whatever reason isn\'t going to be a white table cloth place ... but then again why would you want to eat Vietnamese BBQ at a place that not a little gritty.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Beth L.', '4', "The food was good and they have so many rice plates to choose from. I just went with the picture on the front of the menu. Which turned out to be #3 and it had a little bit of everything. Boy was it a huge serving though. Had to share it cause there was no way I'd finish that all by myself. Like from the previous reviews...the parking sucked! There wasn't even that many people in the restaurant. They just need additional parking to cater all the people and shops in that plaza. That was my only comlaint other than that the food was yummy."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ann T.', '4', "great prices for great eats!! they're known for their rice plates, but the banh hoi is to die for! and not many places offer bang hoi. it's not the closes drive from sf, but it's sooo worth it! this place is always packed whatever time a day it is so get here early!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Matt L.', '5', 'Had the BBQ pork chop and the fried shrimp cake Com Tam.  The chop was extremely tender and the marinate was top notch. Tasty!  It was the first time I have tried fried shrimp cake and i was more than pleasantly surprised. My expectation was something salty and fishy, I could not have been more wrong. The flaky flavorful exterior was the perfect compliment to the subdued flavor of the filling (think lightly salted egg whites.). The waiter even stopped by and concocted an "on the fly" dipping sauce right at the table for me, (Fish sauce, pickled garlic, and chili.) that complimented the shrimp cake perfectly.  The only thing that raise my eyebrow (only slightly) it the broth that accompanies the meal. My guess was crab broth, my dining partners guess was corn broth. We asked the waiter and were equally surprised with his answer, PORK. Nothing wrong with the taste just unexpected.  I can\'t wait to return and try another of their seemingly endless combination of meat and seafood.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Julia C.', '5', "hands down the best place for com tam in the area! though the service here is hit or miss depending on the occupancy and the parking lot is a total disaster, but pay no mind to those minor details once you've had the food. just as good if not better than your mom's vietnamese homemade com tam. the portions here are huge. they offer smaller portions of their dishes, but those are even sometimes too much to finish. i always ended up with a doggy bag saved for a few hours later. my boyfriend and i have tried just about every dish on the menu, since we liker to order separately and then pick at each other's plates. you seriously can't go wrong! admittingly i'm not too much of a bi fan, but i rather like the way they prepare that here. the suong dai hang and chau tom would have to be my favorites though. the soup doesn't contain much bot ngoc either, so that's a plus. prices are extremely reasonable, however once again they do no take cash. it's ok though, for the food here i wouldn't mind stopping at the atm before hand."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Davis D.', '4', 'This place is an excellent spot to have good Vietnamese rice plates. It is a pretty large place, and is very fair with pricing and portions especially. I went here with a friend and we both ordered the broken rice plate that had pork chops, pickled carrots, shredded pork stuff (it\'s called Bi in Vietnamese), shrimp cake, and onions. They also give you a bowl of soup, which is nice to have even though I really didn\'t even touch mine.  I paid a total of $8 for my portion and it can definitely feed 2 people, but of course I scarfed everything down by myself because it was so delicious. The pork was a little on the fattier side for me but still very flavorful.  The shrimp cake was my least favorite because it was too soft, but it was my friend\'s favorite part of the dish so you can\'t go wrong there either.  The fish sauce here is also okay, I kinda wish it had that "stinkier" fish sauce kick to it but I guess we gotta be friendly to the mi trang hahaha. Overall, this spot is a must-try if you\'re looking for quality com tam.  Where else can you spend $6-8 and get a rice plate FILLED with meat and delicious sides?']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Brooke N.', '4', "Long time customer and first time reviewer for Dat Thanh.  I've been coming here since it opened. Still the same smoky BBQ aroma, same staff, and same crowded parking lot. The food is still great, the only downer on the food is the smaller portions. If you are looking for a fancy place to eat, this may not be the place. BUT if you are looking for good BBQ/grilled viet-food, decent prices, and room for the whole family...then this is the place.  Tip: go early to avoid the crowds and get decent parking, don't go on Tuesdays (they are closed)."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ham N.', '4', "Similar to pho , I grew up on this stuff...and Dat Thanh is one of the best in town. Bang for the buck, quick and dirty (speaking of dirty, watch your step when you walk in there...the floor is slippery!!). Decent grill flavor and the combos let you try a wide variety of meats. I do find the Bi (shredded pork skin stuff) a little too garlicky (is that a word?) and over seasoned and the soup has at least a spoon full of MSG but that's probably why it taste to damn good!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Linh N.', '4', 'It has been awhile since I ate here and they remodelled the place. The place looks cleaner. The chairs and tables are a lot better from before. I like the change. I came to eat on Saturday around 6pm and the place was somewhat busy. I ordered Com Tam with Bi Cha, Tau Hu Ky and Cha Trung. For my beverage, I ordered Soda Xi Mui.  Normally, I can never finish the portions at Dat Thanh but on Saturday, my plate was clean after hours of shopping at the mall. I admit it, I can eat, no denying ;) Dat Thanh remains my to be my favorite place for Com Tam.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'sandy j.', '4', "I live next to this restaurant, and I'm afraid that I've always avoided it, because, while I do like to eat meat, the overpowering smell of DEAD BURNT ANIMALS coming from the restaurant makes it pretty tough to work up an appetite.  But yesterday, my husband and I gave it a go, and were pleasantly surprised.   We don't know much about Vietnamese food beyond pho, and had fun discovering new treats like grilled shrimp and sugarcane, and yummy pickled onions.  The menu is partly in English, but the descriptions of what you're getting can be vague (egg cake?).  The flavors are sweet and light, the broken rice is nice and fluffy, and takeout is fast fast fast.   Portions are HUGE, which is great when your cat is sitting on your shoulder, begging for a taste.  :9"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gomerio G.', '5', 'This place is solid, can get crowded for dinner...prices are awesome...I love eating on the east side...you get much better quality food at half the price...screw Los Gatos, Santana Row, I will just dine on the east side from now on...Vietnamese places are all over and love your business. This one is exceptional...they have a sister establishment for Pho in the same parking area...open until 3am on weekends, 1am week for the pho...I am an east side convert....no more $100 meals when you get way way better food over here..and walk away with only $20 to 25 dollar tabs....maximum!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'food lover t.', '4', "came here after paintball with my friends and its my first time eating here.  I thought they got some pho but there arent any, they serve all rice plates only. so I ordered spare rib, egg cake, shrimp, fish cake and sugarcane sausage combo with rice.  I didnt like the broken rice, it didnt taste right.... Kinda like bland. I didnt try egg cake cause of  egg recall (salmonella) thats why i didnt wanna eat it but maybe later after salmonella die down. surgarcane sausage didn't taste sweet and a little dried. Sparerib was the only best tasty meat out of everything on my rice plate.   I will come back but this time I will order only sparerib with rice. BTW service is great."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eric L.', '4', "Very very good Com Tam. It must sucks for residents living in the proximity of this restaurant because the smell of BBQ is so strong that I can smell it in my car when i pass by this place.  One thing I don't really like is they give a lot of rice than meat. Other than that, I eat at this place every time I am in the area."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tony D.', '3', 'This use to be the spot to get com tam back then when I was younger, they use to give you large portions for a good price. But on a recent trip here it seems the portions have gotten smaller and the prices have went up. I got the com tam bi cha suon nuong, the bi was barley there, that cha was small, and the suon nuong was kinda dry. The parking lot is small and cramped.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'amy c.', '4', "i forgot how i found this place... parking always sucks in this small lot... this place is intimidating if you don't speak or read vietnamese... i would say 99% of the clientele are vietnamese, so i always feel out of place here but i love the food so what the heck. the menu is biligual, so you're not totally screwed. ----------------------------------------------- there's a lot of combinations on the menus! basically it's vietnamese broken rice served with your choice of meats (pork chop, pork pieces, chicken, beef rib, beef slices, shrimps skewers, sugarcane-shrimp, shrimpcakes in tofu wrappers, etc etc) and a side of the vietnamese pickled-turnip salad. the accompanying sauce is in big bottles table-side. i always get a fried egg on top. they also have good red bean icy drink!! -------------------------------------------------------- HOW TO PAY: so you order from the waiter, then you finish your food, now what? they don't come around and give you the check here, i think there's a table number near the chopstick holders on every table. so after your meal, go line up at the register and point or give them your table number. you can leave tips when you pay at the register or leave it on the table after payment. for under 10$ you can eat really well! the waiters are impressive, i have seen him carry no less than 5 plates on one ARM at a time to deliver the plates to the tables. this is a CASH ONLY place, it's a hole-in-the-wall type but the food is good, fresh and hot when you order, and lots and lots of the lovely flavorful broken rice to go with everything. 4 Stars for the best broken rice dishes in the area!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jing F.', '5', "Cindi N.  directed me to this place (for lunch) before our movie date.  This is our meeting place before heading downtown SJ.  I got there first...as I approach the place, the aroma of the food there made my mouth water...yummm, sniff, yummm,sniff...my thoughts (HURRY UP, CINDI...I want to taste that food now)....but there's a wait list, so I still have to wait =( ....the wait list become shorter and shorter and no Cindi in sight...and now it's my turn!!!  I told the staff that I am waiting for 2 more people..so he let the other couple go first...more people are coming!!!  Wait list is getting longer...I can't let other people go this time...so I phoned Cindi and asked her if I can get us a table and if it's ok if I can start ordering..whoo hoo, she's gonna let me order....the staff came and ask if we still need to wait before she can take our order...i told her that i got a permission to order now...I ordered the bbq chicken with rice and my daughter ordered the bbq pork ,shrimp cake, and rice..  Finally Cindi and her daughter arrived (yay)...i sampled my daughter's meal and Cindi shared her fried shrimp cake..the food is so good!!!!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bill C.', '5', 'Arrived 8:30 PM on a saturday night (they close at 9). Since I was just one, they seated me quickly, and were nominally helpful. I got the #2 Special Combination and a deep-fried eggroll. Huge plate of food (see my picture), easily could have fed two people. Everything was delicious. The sweet/salty fish sauce is already on the table, looks like apple juice in a tupperware bottle.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'CT N.', '4', "This place I have been to plenty of times.. The price is decent and the food is great. Only thing I don't like is the parking and the place is kinda dirty. Everywhere I touch is really sticky.. Besides that this place serves great food."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Christina P.', '4', 'This place has great Vietnamese rice plates with more combinations than I have ever seen. I tried their BBQ beef and grilled shrimp plate over broken rice with an added order of meatballs. Yum! Service was quick and the food was flying out of that kitchen. There seemed to be an endless stream of customers coming in hungry and leaving happy.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mimi S.', '5', "So effen delicious.  Their rice are the special tiny rice.  Wait their probably not that special.  Its most likely traditional Vietnamese rice.  But anyways the price is decent and the food is so good.  You make your own Nuoc Mam (fish sauce) as spicy as you like.  I suggest adding the garlic bulb.  Its a bit sour and sweet.  I ordered the thai ice tea but wasnt really that excited about it bc i had some chunks in there.  Dont know what it is.  It just tasted alright.  That's the drink that is.  This place takes CASH ONLY.  So bring your cash.  This would be my favorite place for rice, but damn its TOO far from where I live.  Gas will be guzzling like crazy.  Once in awhile is ok."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'david n.', '1', 'two words. M.S.G. next time you go here,try looking out the windows towards tully rd. see those 25 lb. sacks piled 5 high?monosodium glutamate.and with all that msg in ther, you would think the food would taste better. it did not. below average, my wifes cooking is better. and why is it sub-categorized: amateur sports teams?']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Michael R.', '4', 'Another one of those "you know you\'re from San Jose" spots when you get ready to smell this restaurant driving down Tully Road.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Allen L.', '1', "This place is well-known for its broken rice dishes.  However, when it comes to cleanliness, you're taking a big risk.  My brother-in-law got food poisoning from this place once.  Then, recently, I got viral gastroenteritis from their broken rice dish with BBQ pork.  My symptoms lasted for 5 days!  I am never going back here again. For those who want to take the risk, know that food poisoning usually goes away after 1 or 2 days.  But if it's viral, it lasts much longer.  Also, if it's bacteria poisoning, the symptoms are much worse (much more frequent vomiting and diarrhea up to 7 or 8 times per day).  Luckily, because my cause was viral, my symptoms occurred up to 4 times per day.  It's difficult to find the root cause, but viral gastroenteritis is usually spread by people who do not wash their hands after going to the bathroom, or food that is not cleaned properly."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Eric L.', '4', 'A good bang for the buck spot.  food is pretty good and serving sizes will get you full.  rice plates range from $6.00-$12.00 its also clean inside which is a plus,  i think they remodeled because when i was younger i remember this place being dirty.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nicole Z.', '5', "This place is so great. I have been happy everytime I've been here and I'm a white girl and they're actually nice to me and smile!! Makes me happy and food better!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Cindi N.', '5', "trust me, i'm Vietnamese, and i know Vietnamese food.  i love this place, it's way way better than Com Tam Thanh (Story Rd. & Milpitas). the reason i said it's better, because i've tried the other place (only because they open late and Com Tam Dat Thanh close at 9) Com Tam Thanh only offers half of what Dat Thanh offers on their plates.  i've eaten at this place so often that the waiter remembers me and my bf. the food here are abundant. i can never finish my plate, and always ended up taking the rest to go, and it still tastes good the next day.  i worked behind the restaurant, on cold, winter days, or raining days.......i can smell the bbq wafting through the air. it just makes you crave and warm inside. try it out. don't expect superb service, cuz it's just a Vietnamese restaurant. parking can be hellish during lunch hours.  my main dish there are bbq pork + shrimp cake wrapped in tofu sheets over rice or vermicelli. have not tried the eggrolls there, but they look good. i think they close on Tuesday."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Basia V.', '5', 'I\'ve been going to this place for years and it is still, by far, the best place in SJ to get a Vietnamese rice plate.  As most reviewers have noted, the place is a little dingy...ok, a lot dingy, but who cares--the food is fantastic!  There are liter sized bottles of nuoc mam (Vietnamese fish sauce) on every table along with all you can eat pickled pearl onions.  I must admit, the liter sized bottles kind of scared me at first as I was used to getting little mini bowls of pre-mixed nuoc mam that most Vietnamese restaurants generally serve.  But now, I happily mix up my own concoction, adding a huge spoonful of chili paste along w/the yummy pearl onions (my mouth is waterin\' just thinkin\' about it).   My usual order is the Com Tam Suon, Tau Hu Ky, Chung Op La (Broken Rice w/Grilled Pork Chop, Fried Shrimp Cake, topped with an egg, sunny side up).  To get the ultimate authentic experience, order the egg, no matter what combo you try.  It\'s absolutely delish!  Oh, I\'ve also found a hidden treasure there.  They don\'t have it on the menu, but if you are a fan of Com Bo Luc Lac (Shaking or Domino Beef), you\'ve gotta try it here.  This is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes and I have yet to find another place in the South Bay who does it so well.  The seasoning is perfect!  Not too sweet like most places do it and comes served w/tomato rice (not the best, but decent) and salad.  I always order this when I\'m not in the mood for pork.  Please note that this is the only item that should NOT be ordered w/the fried egg. Anyhow, for those of you germaphobes, don\'t get deterred by the thin layer of grease covering everything in the restaurant.  I\'m a germaphobe myself and I can assure you that I have never gotten sick eating here in the 10+ years I\'ve been coming.  Sure, you might leave w/some stickiness on the bottom of your shoes, but your satisfied belly will make you feel like you\'re floating on air.  For heavens sake, just try it!  And if it makes you feel better, you can always "sterilize" your utensils with the hot tea--it works, you know.  All the Vietnamese patrons do it! ;-)  An enthusiastic 5 stars!!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jennifer K.', '5', "When I first came here, I didn't know what was in for. All I knew is that I love Vietnamese food so I would probably like it. I didn't look at the menu because someone ordered for me and I trust them with my food decisions. Even though I didn't look at the menu, I can tell they have a variety to choose from. They have THE best rice plates ever and if you want pho here....SORRY. You're in the wrong place. When the food got here, I devoured it but savored the flavor. It was sooooo good. I would come here from time to time since it's the only good food place around my school. I reccommend this place. It doesn't matter what you get, as long as it's the rice plate, YOU'RE GOOD!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Krystal N.', '4', 'Oh yeah, my family and I come here pretty often and it is mmm mmm good! You get to pick between a few Vietnamese staples (bi, ga nuong, suon nuong, cha, chao tom, etc might be getting a few of the spellings wrong, sorry!) and it comes out with rice & veggies. The rice is not the usual jasmine rice, it is "broken" rice...I don\'t really know how to explain it. I guess it is smaller and a bit grainer? Anyways, don\'t come here looking for ambiance and what not! It\'s a family owned establishment that serves yummy rice plates and you should try it...that is all you need to know! And it used to be kinda dirty but I see that they\'ve remodeled a bit so it is much brighter and cleaner. Props for that! Happy eatings!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'KK M.', '5', "i got the #79 :D it was a rice vermicelli plate with bbq beef with shrimp wrapped with tofu skin over bean sprouts and romaine lettuce.. very refreshing and big portions.. I LOVE THE BEEF.. it tastes like it was marinated in a beef jerky brine or something.. very flavorful and i like the sweetness... the shrimp in tofu skin was very soft and moist.. NEVER TASTED SOMETHING LIKE THIS.. it was good i have been here before with friends but dont come here often so i never really remember this place til today so i thought i'd yelp it.. i will come again and would like to bring my friends.. they are very consistent with their good food :D"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tim T.', '4', "I love com tam. I have always been a fan of com tam and generally I like all com tam restaurants but I love Com Tam Dat Thanh. I don't know what it is but everything just tastes delicious. I don't like eating at the restaurant as much as preffering to go because it's kind of dirty. It's really cheap and you get a lot of food, good food too. Probably one of the best com tam places I know. My dad used to go out and get lunch for the family and I would always hope for com tam dac thanh!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'paul t.', '5', 'my favorite spot for broken rice Cam Tam bbq beef, chicken or pork with the pickle vegeies. Definately a must have place for very bomb diggity vietnamese broken rice. =)']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Johnny P.', '5', 'Man..I love this place.  I live in LA, and have had many a rice plates here in Westminster and also San Gabriel...but this place..hands down..is the best.  I been comming here since I was a little kid.  The shimp cake is fantastic.   Everything about it is just good!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Danny P.', '4', "i don't think i would consider this place a hole in the wall... but it doesn't look that great.. however, the food TASTES great. i don't like sitting and watching my do chua being prepared a few feet away from me with all the flies swarming around... every rice platter i've tried here is scrumptious and very filling. i think they're closed on tuesdays (how random), so beware!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'stephen n.', '5', "I've been going here since i was a kid. I love this place! I love their broken rice w/ BBQ meat/shrimp, BBQ pork, shrimp paste, tofu, and it smells sooo good! I like everything about it. i recommend this place to everyone."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Candy C.', '4', "This is the place for vietnamese rice plates!!!  HUGE portions!  My favorite is #56, comes with a big slab of pork chop, huge piece of crispy shrimp cake, and the egg thingy, plus with rice that you cannot finish.  I can never finish the rice.  They don't serve nothing else but rice plates, so you know they are for real.  Other vietnamese places don't measure up to Dat Thanh!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Lily L.', '5', "The BEST vietnamese rice plate in SJ!  I don't think I ever had anything here that wasn't good.  Don't see the combo you want on the menu?  Just tell them!  I personally think their tau hau ky is the best here.  Its crispy on the outside and shrimp mixture on the outside.  Oh my goodness!  If I know its one of those days where I won't be eating much...instead of pouring fish sauce onto all my rice, I ask for a togo box and split my food up first then I go medieval on my plate.  Seriously, I can make their combo plate into 3 meals if I really wanted to.  Another piece of advice - don't drive by when you're hungry....you can smell the bbq grilling on Tully."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thanh T.', '4', "haha If you're Vietnamese then I'm sure you love this place. I mean just driving by this place and it's already calling for you to come in. The smell of BBQ meat just make you hungry and it's on the busiest Vietnamese street in San Jose.  There's nothing I could say but probably the best place to eat Vietnamese rice plate."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Minh V.', '3', "This is one of the best (if not the best) places in San Jose for com tam.  I highly recommend their bbq chicken with broken rice and the shrimp biscuit.  It's a very unique and delicious plate that I haven't been able to find at another Vietnamese restaurant yet.  This place gets ridiculously packed with people during lunch and dinner, so be patient and get ready for some good rice plates.  I wouldn't order anything but the rice plates from here, because that their specialty and that's what they're known for."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tricia N.', '5', "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place....service sucks ass...but what the freak do you expect from a vietnamese restaurant?..we ain't about service, we don't refill yo drank, we don't ask how your food is!!! we about the good food man!!...good and cheap!!!..This shit is serioudly good though...from the korean style bbq to the lil fried fat bits...oh man..LOVE IT"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nancy T.', '5', 'My family and I came here and we were all impressed by both the quality and quantity of food for the economical price.  I had the cold vermicelli noodle bowl with pork and sugarcane shrimp.  It was perfect.  My parents and husband ordered broken rice platters (pork and shrimp cake) and they all loved it!  The flavors were really nicely balanced.  This is definitely going to be one of our regular restaurants.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tony L.', '5', "The best place to stuff yourself silly for $8.75. Choose any two types of meat over broken rice for that price, or if you're ridiculously hungry, get a ludicrously loaded special plate for $11.75. Everything here makes my mouth water: BBQ beef ribs, Vietnamese-style grilled chicken and beef, skewered shrimp, shrimp cakes lightly fried with that wonderfully crispy tofu skin. Add a fried egg to any plate for the perfect brunch. YUM! It's likely you'll be burning off a few of those extra calories by walking to your car, especially during lunch time. The parking lot is small, even by Little Saigon standards. It's best to come early for lunch or have a late (8 PM) dinner."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kim N.', '2', "People like this place. I have no idea why. It's really dirty and doesn't taste as good as Com Tam Thanh on Story Rd. I really think that it all has to do with their location and the fact that they blow the smoke from grilling the meats out onto the street in order to make people hungry."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'LE L.', '1', "This place is sooooooooo filthy. The ladies room reeked of insecticide. I love eating at mom and pop ethnic restaurants and if the food is good, I can deal with a little filth . However, spending $10 bucks for an average rice place doesn't make the grade.  The food is ok, but so are the $3 com tam rice plates at the to-go places.   The fried shimp cake was gross.  The use a lot of filler in it, so it is very artificial and spongy inside, kind of like a fish ball texture.   The grilled shrimp skewer it came with had really tiny shrimp on it and it had kind of a swampy taste."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Silly G.', '2', "I used to eat here frequently with my high school friends because the food was cheap and good. Fast forward 10+ years, I still love food that is cheap and good. It's been a few years (maybe 3 or 4) since I've eaten here and unfortunately the quality of the food has gone down. Maybe it's because I'm older, and I've been to better places? I'm really not sure, but I had lunch there today with my high school friend, and we both found it to be disappointing. The chicken was dry (so were the shrimp), the chao tom (ground prawns skewered on sugar cane) was a little soggy for my taste, and the rice was definitely too soggy and the fish sauce a little bland.  In addition to the decreased quality in food, the service is even WORSE than before. We were first lead to a table to be seated when someone jumped out from a table nearby and said it was his table (not sure if we should blame the waiter or the selfish customer), either way, we had to stand in the middle of the restaurant and wait while we watched them do a horrible job cleaning another table for us. The waitress came by to take our order (water and hot tea were requested). We then proceeded to clean/wipe our utensils as the cleanliness of this place is highly questionable. Ten minutes later, still no water or hot tea.  The waitress was passing by, so I asked her for our drinks to which she rudely replied that they would be coming out (at which time another lady came by with our drinks) and she also gave us a stare down which I thought was unnecessary since I did ask politely. When I asked for a box, the same girl, glared at me again as she handed it to me. Why? I have no idea what I did to her. I will not likely be going here again, but who knows.  I'm all for giving restaurants second chances."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nick L.', '5', "I've been going here since the day they opened about eightish years ago?  Food is the best, very unique and authentic, and for the price you pay, it is such a steal.  They also seem to make improvements to the restaurant each year which is a plus.  The only thing I have to say that isn't a plus, would be about their parking lot.  Its so damn crowded all the time since everyone seems to eat here at the times I come -_-"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'D N.', '4', 'I don\'t know if you guys have ever driven down Tully and wondered..."Mmm, where\'s that wonderful bbq smell coming from?"  I sure have, and that\'s one of the things that lured me to eating at this restaurant.  The food is good, the portions are huge, the prices are reasonable, and the service is fairly quick.  A great place to go if you plan on being full for a while.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kim P.', '5', "I just love this place. I go here a lot with my family and my aunt works here. She makes some of the food. They're always so friendly and everything is HUGE. gets you full no matter what. (:"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Tracy C.', '4', "THIS IS MY FAVORITE VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT EVER.  I love, Love, LOVE their shrimp cake and BBQ pork. YUM! They are very reasonably priced too, which is always a plus. They lose a star because they don't take card and the parking lot is difficult and sometimes has no spots. Oh yea, if you eat inside, you'll come out smelling like the food."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dalena H.', '5', 'I hate how everytime you drive by you can smell the food! I always start craving it! This place definitely has the best com suon!']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Zach T.', '5', "This is the best broken rice dish place I have tried in the Bay Area, not only because of the quality and taste of the food, but also because of the reasonable price. I have tired many other places but nothing comes close to this place. Just see yourself! It is not a fancy place but this is the true example of how you can't judge the book by the cover. Too bad, I live far from this place!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jaycee G.', '4', "Lights out, one of the best Rice Plates I've had in San Jose.   Their plates are huge and I end of having to take home half of my plate...  You can smell the place a mile away...  what can I say, i recommend the...  i think it's called BBQ BEEF COMBO, with the shredded pork skin, sugar cane sausage, egg noodle, rice, and grilled shrimp...  plus they have a unique small grain rice that is very fragrant...  do yourself a favor and give it a try!   Oh yeah, just don't go during lunch hours...  I would have given it a 5 stars but, the parking is a b!tch!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Elisa T.', '4', "Good place for rice plates, it's always packed here on weekends but you can definately smell the bbq from outside. The place it self is old and dirty, but the food is good. The meat is flavorful and you make your own fish sauce. I ordered the Thit Nuong with meat pie i think and it was right on the money. The portion is good and the prices fair. i would definately hit up this place when im in the mood for some good rice plates."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'diana t.', '5', 'this place is hella dirty.  its like you just walked into vietnam dirty.  but shit, the food is so good here that its worth it.  we tried the cleaner place on story rd and was so disappointed that we came back here the next day. order the "dac biet" plates because those are worth your money.   They\'re less than $10 and you get enough food to feed three people.  i try to be portion conscious but when i eat com tam it all goes out the window.   i like com tam cuz it\'s a big ass plate of rice and several different things to pick at.  my favorite is com tam thit nuong which is grilled pork.  it comes with an egg cake filled with noodles and meat, shrimp paste wrapped in fried tofu, shrimp paste wrapped around a stick of sugar cane, stringly pork skin, and fried pork fat.  their fish sauce is good too.  some places don\'t know how to make the sweet version correctly. they also make really good bun thit noung, which is skinny rice noodles with grilled pork and shredded lettuce, carrots, and radish.  and then topped off with peanuts.  dont expect good service here cuz you\'ll be offended.  you should come expecting vietnamese service.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Danny P.', '4', 'I do not think I can find any better rice plate restaurant. You really can smell this place three blocks away and the aroma is so mouth-watering, you would want to drive in that direction from wherever you were headed. They have a menu with such a large variety that I am sure of that you would find whatever you wanted.  Their bbq beef is usually what I aim for or if I do not want to think about it, I would go with the special. An affordable price and servers with four plates on one arm make it an experience for your tongue and eyes.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Erin O.', '5', 'The rice dishes rock! I have no idea what is different about their white rice rice, but top it with some shrimp and/or pork and drizzle the fish sauce, and you have got one great meal. I feel too much like an outsider when I eat here (only white girl), so I get it to go.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nova T.', '4', 'My GF calls this the "broken rice spot", i would say the food is great when you have a hunger problem. One dish here would be great for two person well unless you have a big appetite. The food and everything is good but i would say i would minus one star for the plaza its in and also for the atmosphere. It needs to be more updated so that people would feel like the table isnt so sticky.  This place smell so strong that when you drive by you always get the smell in your car no matter if you have the windows up or down.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sharon T.', '4', "this place is so yummy!  but alas, it had to be one of those obviously dirty places you eat that made it so damned good... if you can pull yourself away from that, i say you order any of those rice plates - because every time i drive past this place and smell that steak on the grill, man-o-man, its over.  i have to pull over! IS ANYONE ELSE AMUSED BY THE WAY SOME OF THE SERVERS ARE ABLE TO STACK LIKE FOUR PLATES ON EACH ARM AND WALK THEM OUT TO YOUR TABLE?!  =P big dislike: they water down their nuoc mam... who the heck does that?!  nuoc mam is important to the dish, and i do not want it to taste like i've just sprinkled sugar water on my meal...  =("]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ngoc N.', '4', "I've been meaning to write a review for this place for awhile now.  The food is delicious and the the portions are very generous.  Definitely go here when you are hungry."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Hoa Q.', '5', "The prices have gone up quite a bit in the past couple months and the portions are slightly smaller now.  However, this is still the best place to eat broken rice.  The quality of food and fast service has not changed.  Try going at an off hour because parking is horrendous during busy hours.  Oh, and take your beat-up car because drivers here aren't so careful, either."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sam K.', '5', "5stars damnit !!! when i want a lot of food ... i go to dat thanh!  everything is good and the side of pickled scallion roots w/ pepper and fish sauce is teh bomb.   best rice plate in the bay! service is at typical asian places, want service, raise your hand and call them ... just like in vietnam or any SE asia country :)  i do that all the time and it's not considered rude."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'sonya h.', '3', 'yummy food! prices go up quite often, parking could be a nightmare, they recently changed their tables, bowls, etc...but could still be cleaner.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Vanessa U.', '5', "I love this place. I've been going here forever. My favorite combo is #14, the one with bbq beef, shrimp cake, and rice. I'm a fatty, so it looks like a little food, but it's actually quite filling. My stomach is generally smaller than my eyes. But yeah, the shrimp cake is amazing, though I'll get it overcooked sometimes. No matter, it's still yummy. Anyway, I love how fast the food comes out here... even when the place is poppin', which it usually is."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Dang-Khoa H.', '5', "This place might be sticky icky icky because it is. Mainly because of your self pouring and mixing of fish sauce. Other than that, good rice plates. I can't complain thee price is good too. This has to be the best Vietnamese rice plate place in the South Bay."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'A. J.', '3', 'not sure why everybody is complaining about how this restaurant is dirty... i thought it was cleaner than most other vietnamese restaurants i\'ve been to.  besides, i\'m a firm believer in "the dirtier the restaurant, the better the food" when it comes to vietnamese cuisine. anyway... the boyfriend and i got the bbq short rib rice plate and while it was pretty tasty, i wanna know what everybody else\'s definition of "huge portion" is...cuz i dunno if it\'s cuz our economy is THAT bad or what, but the short ribs served to us looked like it came from a baby cow that works out A LOT.  4 tiny bones and no meat.  oh well, guess i should thank the place for portion controlling my meals for me. the eggroll i got was good tho.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joseph V.', '4', "This is the best place for com tam.  Portion sizes are huge (expect leftovers unless your a power eater), meats are a bit thin but very flavorful, and they give you a ton of FRESH broken rice.  I rarely rarely eat on site because: 1. I don't want to smell like the food (I still smell of food even for togo orders) 2. It's always very very crowded 3. The place could use a bit tidying up Things they could improve: 1. Proper ventilation 2. Accept credit cards (cash only here)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Kristi D.', '5', 'Shrimp cake and bbq pork = awesome. I meant to order the bbq shrimp as I am not a huge pork fan but it was so good I would order again. This is not somewhere you go for a date or fancy dinner, but the food and service are great and cheap! I highly recommend.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'dj e.', '2', "i was expecting a lot, from reading the many many positive reviews for this restaurant, particularly since it is in 'little saigon' in san jose. it was $32 for lunch for two ---- now that's a lot. we ordered the most expensive lunch on the menu - they have a bunch of specials that have a nice variety of items on them. it's a lot of food, but it's sort of greasy and the taste is nothing spectacular. i didn't even try the soup --- i guess it looked plain and boring. just a brown colored liquid with virtually nothing in it - like a stock.  it was nice that the wait staff leave you alone to 'enjoy' your meal and conversation - and particularly nice since they are pretty unfriendly and cold. there were a fair number of diners in the restaurant - mainly asian or vietnamese. that seemed like a good sign to me (i'm asian, but japanese).  there was no nice, fresh veggie items - the cucumber was dried out, although otherwise fine. the beef was actually ok - the prawns were average. for $32 for lunch, i expect a MUCH higher level of quality, spices, etc. i really don't understand why this place gets such high reviews ---- unless it's changed hands."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Big Poppa N.', '4', "this location of com tam thanh is good, but not as good as the other location on story rd. i don't know which plate number i get, but i know what's in it. it has some sort of b-b-q meat (thit nuong), egg cake (i don't know what it's called in vietnamese, but i call it 'mam'.), bi (shredded pork with white stringy stuff. if i said what it really is, then it would probably gross people out. i get grossed out sometimes but i still eat it .), and tau hu ky (shrimp cake in some sort of fried tofu wrap.) along with the tastey treats comes with a mound of broken rice (it's just smaller than usual) with some pickled vegetables and nonpickled vegetables, broth to down the food, and light fish sauce. all of the above is for about 8 bucks. not bad for a meal, and i usually get really stuffed to where i want to throw up. that's a lot of food oh yeh, along with this place not being as great in food as the location, the place is also a bit on the dirty side. the other location looks more well kept and modern."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Sarah L.', '5', "I love this place! Even though the place might seem a bit ghetto and dirty, the foood is nothing like that. I always get the broken rice with the egg cake, the shrimp tofu wrap, and shredded pork. The shrimp tofu wrap is to die for. The waiters bring out the food about 5 minutes after you order it. You'll get plenty of food for a very cheap price (~$5 to $7.95)."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jen C.', '5', "I really enjoyed their Com Tam here! They have a good variety of items and are served in very generous portions compared to some other places. They are cheap but also good! My favorite is the shrimp cake wrapped in tofu sheet and the sugar cane shrimp. I didn't like their grilled chicken as they tend to be too hard, but their beef ribs were OK."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mark D.', '5', "I've been going to this place for quite sometime now.. and all there rice plates & still cease to impress me. You know a good place when you smell food outside the restaurant. I always get the #1 com tam rice plate with 2 eggs over easy on top of the rice. You have to dip the rice in the hot broth soup that they give you.. its to die for. I dont order any drinks because I think it kills the flavor of the rice plate. To what everyone is saying about the Shrimp cake.. yes its so true.. Its HELLA GOOD! I've tried other restaurants with rice plates.. im never satisfied.. but Dat Thanh always & forever will put me into a food coma after finishing a full meal. Easy access to the restaurant. You'll see it off of Tully West once you Exit 101past the Hawaiin BBQ joint.  No Credit Cards here.. ALL CASH !"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Beach L.', '5', 'Best Com Tam place I have been to! good food. Last time I went here they only accept cash.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Smokey G.', '5', "This place rocks!  The rice plates are one of the best I've eaten and the portions are always large.  One thing I love about this place is that they have a bottle of fish sauzce at the table so you can take as much or as little as you want.  I usually need 2 bowls of fish sauce when I order rice plates and here I never have to ask for more!  The only problems I have with this place is there's not enough parking in the plaza and also the place could be a little cleaner.  But then again what Vietnamese restaurant couldn't be a little cleaner?"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'nathan b.', '4', 'I can smell this place from my house. It reminds me of a saturday BBQ. I came here sunday after church and ordered the 8 i think which consist of broken rice,tempura cake?sausage on a sugarcane shrimp on a stick  and fish sauce,i know theres a name for it but whatever basically fish sauce mixed with sugar, total about 10 bucks. If your into it theres a bag of pork skin that to me smells like burnt hair.sorry for the visual. My suggestion . Do not buy drinks here a can of coke  is a buck 25 for example. And their iced tea s basically the free tea they give you on ice which cost a dollar fifty! good if u dont mind your hands geting a little sticky and fishy smellin.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'jenna l.', '2', 'I had the com tam bi sung cha .The quantity is definitly there, but the quality is not. The rice is definitly good but the scallion oil made it taste greasy. Most of the grill meat taste like it is precooked, too dry. They definitly need to do a clean up, chairs and table are sticky.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Joey C.', '4', "So from what I hear, this fine ethnic dining establishment is like THE destination  for traditional Vietnamese  rice plates, i.e. Broken Rice, in the four-oh-eight One of my favorite Purses to carry around with me, cristine, took me out to lunch here on a Thursday afternoon and i think i walked out waddling from how full i was and rather than going back to the office and anchoring myself to my desk the rest of the day, I would have much more preffered to smoke a j and checkout for the rest of the afternoon. That would have made it PERFECT.     To start off, I knew the my job consisted of no more than 3 things--sitting down, telling Cristine what I want to drink, and enjoying my food that Cristine has ordered. We got the fried spring rolls with all the fixin's: romaine lettuce, mint leaf, cilantro, some other green leaves, cold noodles, and our own little fish sauce that Cristine enhanced with hot sauce. The main dish: Broken Rice...mmmm!!! It came wtih everything: grilled beef, grilled rib, fish cake, fried shrimp cake thihg....it was all DEL.i.Cious! Also, they have REAL vietnamese coffee here that gets better as u drink more down. YUMMM. Had I been stoned, i think i could have finished an entire order of Broken Rice on my own. I'm willing to take the challenge...."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ann N.', '4', 'Definitely my favorite place for com tam.  Price is cheaper and the food is better than Com Tam Thanh.  Their tau hu ky, korean ribs taste much better.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'grey h.', '4', "Seriously you can smell this place driving into the parking lot like a block away!  They did used to be better...  I like ordering their BBQ Pork, shrimp wrapped in tofu gluten, and steamed egg/vermicelli/meat cake thingy...  with the broken rice =)   This place is kinda dirty, but at least they don't seem to use bleach to wash their utensils.  The sweet fish sauce gets everywhere, but it is tasty!  And their picked Leek (i think that's what it is) is a good addition to the dish itself.  They always go around refilling them because it just takes like 3 people to empty the container of it!!   To me, this is the best Com Tam Fix around :)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jeff S.', '4', "This place brings back some good memories with my buddies from hs.  Food is always good.  I love the short ribs and shrimp cake!  Place is not very clean tho and service is typical vietnamese rest. style.  I have never had anythiong funny in my food and it's always been good so I keep coming back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Bucky M.', '4', "Overview: Vietnamese rice plate restaurant. You'll see the plumes of smoke on Tully Rd. Don't worry, the restaurant's not on fire, they're just grilling. =) It's very good, evidenced by the large crowds on weekends. You can get broken rice, or tiny vermicelli with any variety of barbeque meats, shrimp, etc. Your typical Vietnamese rice plates."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Mike C.', '3', 'This place is alright.  Very big portions but place is dirty.  Be prepared to smell like bbq after leaving this place.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'p k.', '4', 'You know this place is authentic to its culture when EVERYONE in the building is Vietnamese.....except my wife and i last night.  Excellent food. I give four stars due to the location and uncoordinated service']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'hn k.', '5', "Don't come here looking to impress your date or for a pleasant atmosphere in which to enjoy your meal. Unless by atmosphere you mean a hole in the wall where people wolf down cheap and delicious dishes as fast as the kitchen can churn them out. Trouble finding the place? Just follow the trail of thick, black smoke belched from the grills. If the food doesn't impress you, the waiter who balances 20 plates full of food on his arms certainly will. Ok, I'm exaggerating...it's more like 15. Tip: get your cholesterol checked afterwards."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Samantha L.', '4', "Oh lord, don't get me stared, this place is fantastic.  A simple bowl of bun cha (pork and rice noodles with an egg roll) or a combo broken rice platter with shrimp and pork and that yummy shredded pork skin, this place makes me grin from ear to ear.  Love the pickled leeks on the table, love this place."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Boo B.', '5', "i LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE THiS PLACE!! i always get the korean bbq but i heard that the other stuff is really good too. my boyfriend and i eat there all the time and i'm always satisfied. the service is quick and the people there are always really friendly. the price is alright compared to other vietnamese restaurants. but i think it's totally worth it!! the place is kinda shabby but the food makes up for it! you can smell them cookin the meat just from driving down tully road. i LOVE it and i will always come back to this place. if you like com tam.. i'd DEFiNiTELY recommend this place! =)"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'xtna x.', '4', "Hunger should be your main drive to visit this place. It has definitely the biggest rice plates in all vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. I love their shrimp cake, shredded pork skin and the bbq pork. I find the bbq pork chop dry. Im not crazy about the skewered shimp and the one with sugarcare inside.The place is a little dirty and parking is awful. I just wish you could chose between broken and jasmine rice. Though i dont mind the broken rice, i REALLY prefer jasmine. But that wont stop me from coming back."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Thai-Son T.', '5', "So me and my friend decided we'd just go out and eat together. We both had  Nam Vang and CTDT in mind so I just said whatever and flipped a coin and so we decided to hit up this place. We were both so hungry from conditioning for basketball from earlier so I got the #1 (freak'n HUGE) and my friend got one of the smaller menu items. We both got the Thit Nuong. Food came out fairly quick and it was HOT. I like how the fish sauce and and red shriracha is at the table already. So we started eating and man oh man, I've been to this place many times, but this was the best I've ever eaten. I actually finished my entire place and so did my friend. We also drank our whole bowl of soup which they gave in the beginning. Our total came out to $21.09 so I gave $13 and my friend gave $9 but the Vietnamese lady juss gave back our dollar and didn't car about the 9 cents, this is what I love about them. Overall, we were hungry, came to eat, food was hot, food was MUY DELICIOSO, and we didn't burn a whole in our pockets."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'T Is For Tom N.', '4', 'If you are Vietnamese you know it\'s good, if you are Caucasian you know it\'s good, if you are Chinese you know it\'s good and if you Asian you still know it\'s good ! So if you have not gotten my message my bottom line is "This place is good" you can\'t get any better for the com tam then this place. Get the combination one when you get here because it\'s the best !']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Juliane N.', '5', 'You\'ll know where it is once you hit the street. You can see the smoke coming up the roof. Smells amazingly good once you get in the parking lot. I love how they have the "broken" rice. Some Vietnamese places don\'t serve them, which I hate! Definitely come here hungry because you get A LOT of food! Lots of choices too. i always get #41 with an additional order of meatball. I do love my meat! The meal consist of rice, shredded pork skin, BBQ Pork, and MEATBALL. If you think you could really eat, order the special rice combinations which as 6 different toppings, ranging from BBQ pork, beef, pork chop, chicken, beef rib, or meatball, and fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, egg cake, BBQ shrimp, and grilled shrimp on sugarcane. Along with my meal I always order their Che Xuong Xa Hat Luu, which is known as Jelly and Tapioca with Coconut Milk. So GOOD!!!!!  Prices are DEFINITELY reasonable for the amount of food you get.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Frank D.', '4', 'I\'m not even sure if what I had was even on the menu.  But it was fantastic! I loved it.  It  had pieces of fried tofu along with romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes and onions.  It also came with a side of this red-orange rice.  I should have taken a picture of the thing.  The rice was the same color that you would get when you order it from a taqueria.  I am glad that this place was accommodating enough to let us order this dish.  At the time, I was strictly only eating Vegetarian.  I guess you just have to go with the right people.  I think it must be a Vietnamese thing.  I don\'t think that if I went there myself, I would have been able to get this dish.  I was surprised that they would even do this kind of thing. I should have asked them what it was called, but there is no point in crying over spilt milk now.  My dish was tasty and all of my friends seemed to enjoy theirs as well.  The place is located in a cramped parking lot.  When I say "cramped"; I mean CRAMPED.  This place had parking spots so tight, I am surprised that everyone did not leave with a ding or two on their cars.  I know how they say Asians can\'t drive, but I don\'t know why the developer tried to shove so many parking spaces in one little shopping center.  I mean, it was ridiculous. It is a good thing that the friends I came with are new parents and they bought a mini-van.  The doors slide open on both sides....Hooray!.  So yeah, we had circle around a bunch of times before we could find a spot.  But, my friends had to eat here before they left town.  This place must be that good.  He remembered it from when he used to live up here.  I guess I\'ll end this review with a side note.  I did not really enjoy the soup that much.  Usually, I like the little bowl of soup that they provide with the meal, but this time; not so much.  Tasted funny is all I can say.  But, I would definitely go back again, just to order that dish.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Truc N.', '4', 'rice dishes taste very good here.  portion is generous as well.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Nancy L.', '4', 'my favorite place to get rice plates! i always order the "com tam bi thit nuong" (rice with shredded pork and grilled pork).. yummm. the grilled pork is packed with flavor and the portions are huge! wayyy better than the rice plates you can get at vung tau.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jessica T.', '3', "this place has th best com tham, but when I came on they didn't even bother asking me for service, they just left me there just because I'm 20x more younger than them, assholes, but they way how the waiters served your rice plate was REALLY cool! they all had somewhat 5 plates on each arm when serving you.."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ro C.', '4', 'i\'ve driven by this place so many times and have never eaten here until now. they call it "broken rice".  the waiter takes your order and within 5 minutes your dish is ready.  they are FAST!  i got #11 i think.  it was shrimp cake and bbq chicken.  omg it was so good and the rice is yum.  the shrimp cake reminded me of rice cake but flavored with stuff that i didn\'t recognize but it was delicious.  the bbq chicken was great.  my friend describes the rice as "reject rice" due to the size but there\'s something about it that tastes different.  i think my plate was about $7-8 but they give you huge portions.  service was attentive, we came after the lunch rush (about 12:50 pm).  i am definitely coming back.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'marlene m.', '4', "one of the best rice plates i've had. havent eaten here in a long time, but for a mere $6, you can get enough food to feed 2 people - thats bbq chicken, rice, and a shrimp cake. you can mix up your own fish sauce concoction. for up to $2 more, you can pile on more meat on your plate. surprisingly, your food comes out in less than 10 min. it does get crowded, but you are seated quickly since people are out in about 30min.  the only downfall is that it's cash only and it's closed on tuesdays."]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Jenn H.', '3', "this is my cousin's place... and the quality of food has declined since its grand opening in san jose. just my opinion though, of course... and my mom's... and my aunts. shh!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Ryan L.', '4', "i think this is the only com tam place in the bay area. they have an actual grill in the resturant and you can smell the steak from a mile away (if you drive with your window down), parking isn't so great when its lunch time because all the vietnames-ers go there but its yummmy if your in the mood for steak and rice. or even pork, basically its rice and grilled meat or whatever you like. this is a good place to go to"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'James F.', '3', 'Typical Vietnamese food. Parking sucks. Waiter barely spoke english and I had to remind him that i wanted soup a couple times. The place is dirty by most restaurant standards, but typical of a viet restaurant. Portions are huge and pretty good. There was a guy putting together his pressure washer right in front of the entrance which seemed kind of odd....I am coming back for lots of food on the cheap though.']
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'wisconsin z.', '5', "so delicious and fulfilling! sometimes there is a bit of a wait and a bit of a language barrier but it's the best rice plates I have discovered so far!"]
['com-tam-dat-thanh-san-jose', 'Gummy B.', '4', "best com tam (rice plates) i ever had in the area. you can't come here without getting their tau hu ky as one of the items on the rice dish. quick service but prices are a little bit higher, however the food's quality/taste makes up for it."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kim T.', '4', "I have eaten so many pho restaurants, overall I think This brand had the most stable and good pho compare to other pho restaurants bear by.  This restaurant been here very long time ago and I still remembering eating here years ago. They are specialty in broken rice with meat plate but I stop eating rice long ago so pho was another option for me. I likes the broth pho here. It always consistency and well balance with the option fresh noodles over the regular noodle most pho restaurant servers you. As you already know, all Vietnamese service is to sit you down and stated to order. They don't expected 20% tip from your bill but a $2-4 would be nice for them to clean up the table. It is located on an old plaza on Senter Road that share the parking space with other Vietnamese shop near by.  Overall, whenever I am craving for pho noodle, this place is my go to. I think other Thien Huong location is as good as this too."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Bao N.', '5', 'This plainly Com Tam Thien Huong location does not have the night club vibes, bright lights, and loud music like the other locations, but the food is still spot on.  Plus, you will not have to be waitlisted to eat!   Their grilled pork, pork chops, chicken, and shrimp are a bit on the sweeter side, but still super duper flavorful and I feel like they are more generous with their protein portions than at other places.   If you want the best Com Tam, come here! Rember to get a fried egg on top to complete the dish.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mike P.', '4', "Solid, if slightly expensive com tam.  I usually order the broken rice dish (I mean, it's right there in the name!) and have never been disappointed.  This place is actually a bit of a San Jose franchise, since they've done so well, but I gotta say out of all the ones I've been to, this one is the a.) cleanest and b.) fastest out of all of them.  Especially the one in Grand Century, god that one's awful. If you're not familiar with broken rice, it's exactly what it sounds like: ultra short-grain rice served with soup and fish sauce (the shortness of the grains help pick up the sauces better) and your choice of grilled meats (can't go wrong with pork), shrimp cake (my favorite, and their portion is MASSIVE here), egg cake, shredded pork, and/or a piece of sugar cane with a shrimp cake wrapped around it.  All of them are delicious in their own way.   The one pet peeve I have: their pricing is crazy wonky: wfrom their base dish, you can pay like an extra $2 for everything, or you can pay an extra $1 for literally a single piece of grilled shrimp.  I don't mind THAT much I guess, but it's annoying to have to futz around with every single menu combination just to get something that's a good value and also exactly what I want.  Moral of the story: order everything and it's a good deal /rant. --- sweet: solid com tam, very consistent bitter: tad pricey."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Pu B.', '4', 'So expensive for just a rice plate, but nontheless I love frequenting this spot because I believe their grilled chicken is made to the utmost perfection when it comes to flavor and tenderness. Two rice plates with added eggs totaled 32$ :(']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Derek S.', '5', 'Came by for an early lunch the other day and it was a tasty experience. Surprisingly, the restaurant was empty upon arrival at 11 am on a Saturday.  Started off with the Nem Nuong and they were tasty, albeit a touch pricey at $5.5 for 2 pieces. The rolls were freshly wrapped with a nice crunchy egg roll inside with a sausage. The meat sauce was decent, with Broadard down in Westminster taking home the trophy! The #5 Pho with thick noodles was excellent, although a touch pricey at $12. Noodles were fresh and broth was fragrant. Meats were tender too! Reminds me of Turtle Tower in the Tenderloin! The Iced Vietnamese coffee was decent at $4.25. Pretty strong. ~$20/head after tax and gratuity for lunch.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Brian G.', '5', "Tried the bbq pork, a lot of food on the plate for me. A bit pricey for a rice plate 17 bucks for #70 but well worth it. It's worth it for most of the food in San Jose since the 707 area doesn't have much food like the 408. I'll try the pho next time."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kelly S.', '4', 'Loved coming here as a little kid! As I grew older, taste of the meet is very sweet. Very little meat is added with each Com Tam plate. Overall very cute place to eat with family or a group of people!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lydia F.', '3', "Not a stand out restaurant.  Not disgusting yet not good or amazing.  Vietnamese food is hard to mess up so you'll get what you order.  Usually not busy during dinner. Nice service though I guess, had a problem with the food that came out and the manager was nice and insisted on making a new one."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Leah H.', '5', "Now, I'm no Vietnamese food aficionado but I do know what I like. And being Filipina, you know that means I have to have my BBQ meat n' rice! With the dozens of restaurants in SJ, I defer to the locals!! So, if I'm unfamiliar with an area and I see a long line of locals waiting, I jump in the queue!  This chain of Com Tam (broken rice plates) restaurants has our loyalty. We have been to six of their locations in the South Bay. Our standard meals usually consist of the Nem neoung coun (grilled pork spring rolls), the rare beef pho, and the BBQ chicken + fried shrimp cake com tam rice plate combo. Sometimes, I also add a fried egg and ask for a side of house made kimchi!  They can accommodate large groups and have fairly fast service! And, with the newly updated decor of most locations in addition to their new bubble tea drink menu, CTTH is the perfect lunch or casual dinner/second date option!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mary S.', '5', 'Recommended by my Vietnamese friend. This place is a hidden gem!  They have the Nem Nuong here, similar to Brodards. I ordered the Nem Nuong and the Goi Cuon and both turned out to be very delicious. Although, the price seems a bit expensive on all their food, they have generous portions and a plus for not putting bean sprouts in them! Ordered the ga kho plate with grilled shrimp. Big portions and it came with the usual broth and also nuoc mam for dipping. I love how they have fresh veggies and a small green pepper on the side. This place is as good as it gets and is definitely one of the good Vietnamese eats in east SJ.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lyle Z.', '5', 'Amazing service, great pho and the broth is perfect. Also have had the hai nan chicken and #85 dry. Nothing will disappoint here, all the food is great.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lavana W.', '4', "We came here for a quick dinner and placed two orders: #5 Dac Biet Pho & #51 BBQ Pork, Steamed Egg, Roasted Rice seasoned Pork Skin Broken Rice Plate. The rice in the rice plate was nicely broken, soft, fragrant, and tasty. BBQ Pork was flavorful and a tad salty with sweet finish. Egg was fluffy with a bounce to the texture, best part is that it's juicy, not dry and dense like others. The pho came out smelling beefy but not typical pho flavor with sweet finish. It's more of savory aftertaste with very mild spices. Our server was good standard take your order and bring it to you. Don't expect much of chitchat here, but they make effort to recommend things to Togo customers. One of the server next to the Togo napkins and utensils had a horrible cough and didn't remember to cover her mouth while coughing a few times at few minutes intervals. I, understandably, got all anxious and wanted to get the heck out of there. It's concerning to me. I don't want to be rude but I don't want to be sick either.  Hey owner, if you're reading this, please invest in cotton mask for your ill employees or encourage them to stay home. It's really an unpleasant experience to see employee coughed during feeding time."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Anna P.', '5', "Hands down this place have very good broken rice. Glad this place didn't let me down. I highly recommend getting broken rice here, the one I got was the sng đi hàng."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jason M.', '3', 'Ordered #70 $16.50 Bbq pork, shrimp cake, egg cake, shrimp on sugar cane.   This was a pretty large plate, but not much pork?  Why?  Pork is so cheap why do these plates come with so little?   At $16.50 come on.  So lost a star  Flavor over all was good, the shrimp cake and sugar cane wrap were tasty, moist and seemed fresh.  The egg cake tasted maybe a little old or something was off about it, not quite sure.   Shredded pork was nice and the rice was cooked perfect.    Broth on the side was good, a little on the salty side for me but still good.   Resturante was not the cleanest, bathroom was really filthy.  A filthy bathroom to me says they half ass their own place.  Makes me always question the kitchen and cleanliness of their cooking space.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Giang N.', '5', "First time I came here and I love this place. The dish is bigger than I thought, but it's delicious. The meat is excellent flavored and the fish sauce is well made. The store has variety of choices which I love, but it's also will confuse you if you are not Vietnamese or not familiar with the food. However, I highly recommend this place and you guys should give it a try."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jenny L.', '4', "I've been here many many times, I used to come here a lot with my dad who has now passed but this is my go to spot for rice dishes. I usually order the com suon nuoung with tau hu ky. (Hopefully I spelt that right) but I used to come here mainly for their soybean milk and the past 4x I've been here they ran out.  Cleanliness of this place is decent, parking could be difficult depending what time you go. The lot spaces are super compact."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Philip M.', '5', "If I want Vietnamese food in the South Bay- this is my go to spot! There are so many reasons why I love Com Tam off Senter Rd. #1- they take credit cards!!!!! Don't you hate going to a Vietnamese restaurant, only to find out it's cash only?!?! You won't have that problem here. #2- GREAT food! I have ordered tons of food from here from pho to rice plates and vermicelli bowls. Food is always fresh and tasty! Who doesn't love Vietnamese food?! #3- Never a wait to get seated or difficulty to park on weekday evenings! They are located in an Asian strip mall off Senter Rd across from St. Maria Goretti Catholic church. Everyone is always scared about how hard it is to park there, but that really only holds true on the weekends. During the week after work- it's super empty in that plaza and easy to park. #4- Awesome for take out and PHONE orders! I have easily placed over 15 phone orders for pick-up and have never once had an issue with missing an item. Everything is well packaged including Pho (yes you can order Pho to go and it's AMAZINGLY packaged well) and they provide you with a silverware packet complete with chopsticks/spoon/fork/napkin. They key to successful phone orders is to make sure you have their most current menu (yes there are other Com Tam restaurants and the items may have different #'s and prices) and to reference BOTH the # of the item from the menu and state what it is. Make sure to order a rice plate that includes fried shrimp cake. If you don't know what that is- you will thank me later for sure!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Vanessa K.', '4', 'This is our go to place for vietnamese rice plates when we\'re in San Jose. The best is the grilled pork with shrimp cake. Yes the price is a bit high, but trust me, I\'ve gone to other rice plate places that are cheaper, and you can definitely taste the difference in quality. The plates here are are actually a big portion, so you\'ll get full.  This is NOT a pho place. So don\'t be confused. Although they do offer some soup noodle dishes, I think it\'s a courtesy for customers who are confused and doesn\'t realize that "rice plate" is directly in the name of the restaurant. There is no reference to "pho" - ya\'ll see that? Good.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Vivian P.', '1', 'Pho broth was really salty... and I found hair in one of my tendon pieces. Was my first time here, probably will be my last.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Merica S.', '4', "Hmm, so you just watched Bizarre Foods With Andrew Zimmern, Ho Chi Minh City edition, where he grubs on Com Tam. Annnnd...now you're craving it. GREAT. Where to go for the best Com Tam, in my opinion? Com Tam Thien Huong is where I HIGHLY recommend!  I really like the plate with the shredded pork skin, egg cake and the fried shrimp cake. This location is comparatively clean and spacious.  + They also serve pho here"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Go Woon R.', '3', "Typical franchise taste you get here. Waiters will adore you if u pay in cash. Lol I togo'd their summer rolls(grilled pork). They taste good but seemed a bit overpriced. I think it was almost 7dollars for two pieces..?  I had their phos before too, nothing too extravagant. Lots of msg taste :p  I had to take one star down because They lighted incense really thick and I could not breathe. My head started spinning so I had to step outside and comeback in to wait for my food.  Food comes out pretty fast."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Huy C.', '1', "Overpriced, skimpy on the meat and the nuoc mam isn't even flavored. I just had com thit nuong over at Pho Tau Bay and they give you almost twice the meat, tastes better and nuoc mam is good. The sh*tty nuoc mam really annoys me and always leaves me unsatisfied. The cost to make thit nuong is so cheap yet they are so stingy."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Yennie L.', '4', '"Com Tam" is also known as broken grains of rice. This is one of the good places that serves it with many other sides that comes along with it. I always order the pork with bone, shredded pork, steamed egg~']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sara D.', '4', "This place has the best broken rice meals I've ever had!! I usually get the broken rice combo with chicken and short ribs. The meat is incredibly delicious! The staff is wonderful and always makes us feel welcome and they really think ahead of all the things you may need. Go eat here it's so good!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lilly W.', '4', 'Been here twice since I moved closer to this area. I have to say this is a pretty good overall Viet restaurant. I do think they have better rice plates than pho. There are other pho only places around the area. Only come here for the egg rolls and rice plates.  I highly recommend the grill pork egg roll. There is some crunchy things inside that reminds me of Broaders down in LA. The rice places are so yummy. The beef is like Korea kalbee. The grilled chicken is very tasty. The pork is just okay. I like the fried shrimp cake. Super oily but great if you are not in a diet. And also always order with an egg on top.  My friend tried the noodles (dry kind) where you stir it with veggies and meat and fish sauce. It was good too.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dione N.', '5', "I have a gluten allergy and was well accommodated! Pho is made of authentic bone broth, no packaged anything, has MSG (any side affects you think you may have is not from MSG- all the hype around this in the 70s or 80s is some anti-Asian propaganda, look it up!) and it was DELICIOUS! Iced Vietnamese coffee was one of the best I've ever tried, creamy, sweet and tasty! Service is quick and friendly. Located in a busy shopping center with lots of other family businesses in Central San Jose, but parking was easy. Definitely coming back."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kevin Q.', '3', "Decided to stop by after visiting my usual Vietnamese barbershop - go figure, there are a plethora of similar stores nearby. This is a relatively large, cafe-style restaurant with clean restrooms and plenty of parking out front. One thing stands out immediately: they take credit. And out here in San Jose, the land of under-the-table - that is a rarity. However, judging by the prices, I'd say they've already accounted for the extra fees. I paid 10$ for a large bowl of pho bo vien, which isn't expensive - but definitely overpriced compared to other Vietnamese establishments. But, their broth is good! and they've somehow managed to make their meatballs more flavorful. Probably not worth the price of their pho, but check out their other dishes! Service was also pleasant and refills prompt.  Would give them a second chance. EDIT: I feel really dumb coming to a com tam place for pho."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Christina H.', '3', "Eh I prefer the other locations over this one. The flavors seem to be lacking now a days and they're always way too packed. Decent portions although they have shrunk over the years."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Michelle L.', '4', "My mom and I came here on a Tuesday afternoon. it wasn't too busy and we were greeted and seated quickly. We decided to get two rice plates (Com Tam plates) and a Soda Chanh. First off the Soda Chanh was $5 which was crazy because usually I pay $2.50-3.50 but $5?! Anyways, we ordered and it didn't take too long for our food to come out. The portions were HUGE. At first we were shocked because the rice plates were so expensive like $13-16 and thats pricy, however I think the portion justifies it. The food was overall really good and we both really enjoyed our plates. The service was alright, it wasn't outstanding but wasn't horrible, I expected that.  I'm still shook over this Soda Chanh being $5, but you know i'll be back. The food is great!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Drew B.', '4', "Was close by and decided to give this place a try.  A few folks were having late lunch with us as well. I wasn't keen on having the combo selections, so the waitstaff said I can order my grilled pork and beef rib with rice plate. Great. I would recommend the grilled pork - they skewer it during grilling and it came out tasty.   The thinly sliced grilled short rib was just so so. Noodles were fine overall.  Parking was easy enough on this strip mall."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Bach D.', '4', 'Came here once suggested by a friend. Absolutely delicious; their grilled pork is tasty and tender. Service is great but need to check up on customers more regularly. Good thing is they accept cards. Lots of other Vietnamese places in town take cash only, which is very inconvenience.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Randy F.', '5', "I love the nem nuong here (though they can't quite compare to Brodard in SoCal) but I've learned that Com Tam Thien Huong has unmatched grilled pork and grilled shrimp.  Never very huge pieces but perfectly flavorful, grilled, and juicy.  I tried to order just the meats without the broken rice (low carb) but they didn't have that option here. It's a great matchup between Com Tam Thien Huong (and their three locations) and Com Tam Dat Thanh that has excellent grilled shrimp on sugarcane, egg cake, fried shrimp cake, and shredded pork.  Plus they let you buy many items a la carte.   Com Tam Thien Huong accepts credit cards, but not American Express."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lorianne L.', '4', "I was searching for some Vietnamese food near the Ace Laundromat, but as you know, this area is filled with Vietnamese businesses, so thanks to all of the yelp folks who went before me. The parking lot is very narrow, so know that in advance. Com Tam Thien Huong is in a long strip of businesses on Senter. My friend and I appreciated the clean interior, and we noticed the customers were all Asian, so that was a good sign.  I tried #5 with rare steak, oxtail, flank, fatty brisket, tendon, tripe, & meatballs. The oxtail pieces were shaved thin slices, so not the big hunk of bone, meat, & tendon you usually think of when you think oxtail. My friend got a #26 with well done brisket, flank, & crunchy flank. She said it was good.  Next time I want to brave that parking lot, I'd give them another try."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Joanne Y.', '3', "My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out after finding out that Com Tam Dat Thanh off of Tully was closed today (SO SAD). Although this restaurant is located in a dark, kind of scary plaza; the interior of this place is spacious, bright, and clean (not typical of Vietnamese restaurants). We both ordered #34 which came with BBQ pork, shrimp cake, rice, sides of lettuce/cucumbers/pickled vegetables, and a small bowl of broth. We both added the egg cake to our dishes. The first thing I noticed when the food was brought out was how meager they are with the meat portion (please see my picture). I was so very sad that our meals came out to $13ish each and the biggest portion of our meal was the rice. I would come back here if they were more generous with the meat (otherwise I'm sticking with the place off of Tully). The shrimp cake and egg cake were pretty good, but nothing that wow'ed me per say. I think for what you get, the plates here are pricey or maybe I'm just not used to paying almost $30 for Vietnamese food lol!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Baron T.', '5', "I usually get an order to enjoy at home on the weekends for dinner. My favorite is the #73 combo and it could feed 2. It's a nice restaurant outside of century mall with their own parking and no wait for tables!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jennifer M.', '4', "This is my favorite location! The food is the same at each location but this one is the biggest, least crowded and the service is always spectacular.  I love the rice plates and I keep coming back for more. I usually order two, one to each there and one to take home. I always have a craving for more food when dinner time rolls around. I usually order the shrimp plates. All of the variations are great but I recommend trying the shrimp wrapped around sugarcane. It is so good. Just don't eat the sugarcane. You can chew on it but it is not meant to be eaten. I wish they gave more BBQ shrimp with the meals too. It is always a hit or miss on how many you will get. Sometimes one but every once in awhile you will get two.  I have also tried the cold noodle bowls and their pho. The pho is just OK. The broth is nothing to rave about and it a bit bland. The spring rolls are really good too. They have lots of veggies and whole shrimp.  I recommend stopping by on a weekday during lunch. There is less traffic in the area, more places to park, and less of a crowd in the restaurant. Make sure you save room for dessert and head down to Thanh Son Tofu in the same plaza for some dessert drinks. Nom nom!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tung D.', '3', "I came here with high expectations but this restaurant didn't live up to them. For a COM TAM, SUON, BI, CHA, TAU HU KY (grilled porkchop, pork skin, egg patty, fish patty) it cost me $16 including tips. Waaaay overpriced.  About the taste, the rice dish was a-ok compared to Dat Thanh. I think Dat Thanh gives you a bigger piece of pork chop. This place is even more expensive than Dat Thanh.  Only plus thing here is they accept credit cards."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jane W.', '4', 'This place is more expensive than most but very worth it for the rice dishes. I usually get pho at Vietnamese restaurants but here the rice dishes are the main attraction. My favorite is the BBQ pork chops. They are very tender and seasoned well. They also have an interesting shrimp cake on sugar cane that is pretty unique. Took one star off due to the price but would recommend this place for rice dishes.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Cindy C.', '2', "I would have only given this place 1 stars because of the terrible service, but decided to give them an additional star for the quality of the food.  My SO and I came here in the middle of the day during a week day so it was really slow. Parking here can be very scary because all the spots are so compact (and let's face it - Asian plaza = Asian drivers, and you know what that means).  We walked in and was a little confused on where to sit. They had an entire area open, but they chose to seat us in this little corner that looked like it was under construction. The floor was slightly wet and there were storage stuff behind us. Took a while for someone to finally take our order. We both decided on rice plates and water. The server brought us the smallest cups of water I have ever seen and they NEVER ONCE came back to refill it. After bringing us our food, which I will admit was good, they never came back to check on us. They all disappeared behind the kitchen and I could hear them talking to each other. Finally we finished our food (portions were huge and rice plates came with soup on the side), we paid and left. Haven't been back since.  I understand that it can be slow during the week days, but that means that you can and SHOULD be more attentive with your customers. Instead they couldn't be bothered and completely neglected paying customers."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Drew W.', '1', "Me and my teammates came here to have dinner after the pool tournament. I decided to order number 67. It's grilled pork with shrimp, vinegar carrots and radish, and a  crunch wrap shrimp cake. Costed me 12.50. It's disappointing because it's been a long long day and we always come here once in a while because the portions are always large! Today, we come to see that it's empty and dead barely anyone here.  When the food comes out I asked what's this why am I only getting one shrimp? The waitress said that's what you get when you order here unless u order more on the side?!? Really! Wow sad to see that once you become rich you become greedier and greedier. Turns out all the locations are the same. Don't waste your time coming here. This quality went down and the portions don't get you full."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Thomas S.', '4', "We have eaten at this location three times and another location once. The pork vermicelli was very good. I had the port chop rice plate twice. Once it was excellent. The second time, the pork chop was not hot. The girlfriend always gets pho with thick noodles. That broth is very good, I must say. I haven't tried any of the drinks yet. That coconut drink sounds like fun."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sean L.', '3', 'get vermicelli dish with bbq pork or rice dish with bbq pork or bbq chicken and fried shrimp cake, currently i think it was $12.50 per plate Nothing fancy here, just some good Vietnamese food if you like the grilled/bbq meat. Have not tried their pho For Vietnamese food, definitely 4 stars compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. Overall though, so many great restaurants in the bay area, this would be a 3 star since I would prefer to eat something more "unique" and something I couldn\'t cook at home.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Christine L.', '4', "Super filling dinner for 4 for under $50? Done. My family occasionally goes out for food, and when we do, it's almost always Vietnamese. Today, we decided to go out for broken rice plates (Com Tam). We started off with a small Nem Nuong Cuon ($4) which included two grilled pork sausage spring rolls. Whoever packed the lettuce was feeling VERY generous and these bad boys were (a little TOO) stuffed with greens. The chunky orange sauce and crunchy center brought back memories of Brodard, but it's definitely no replacement.  I ordered #40, a rice plate with BBQ Pork and Shrimp on Sugarcane ($10). All rice plates come with your standard mound of rice, your meats of choice, salad (iceberg lettuce, cucumbers, and some pickled things + chilies), a bowl of soup, and a little bowl of fish sauce. The highlight of my meal? Hands down, the BBQ Pork. It's as if little pieces got tenderized and smashed onto a skewer, then grilled, before being pulled off onto your plate. It was super tasty after being dipped into the sauce! I was a bit let down by the shrimp though, it was a bit dry and I didn't taste any of the sugarcane. In the end, I was too full to finish my mound of rice and salad.  According to my dad, you should go for the pork chop if you're getting a rice plate since you'll have room to cut. Get the skewered BBQ pork if you're getting the bun (vermicelli noodle bowl) so it's easier to mix! Finally, if you're feeling like braving this tough little maze of a parking lot, do so on any day except Wednesday bc they're closed!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sa M.', '5', 'Great food and great services. I would highly recommend to everyone if you want to get com tam']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Andrew C.', '4', "HUGE fan of this place. I'm craving it again after only having gone there two days ago. Their Specialty: Broken rice plates (essentially regular grains of rice smashed up into even smaller grains of rice) It's choose your own adventure from there: Fried shrimp cake, shredded pork, bbq porkchop, egg cake, etc. -- basically there's an infinite combination you can choose for between ~10 to ~15 Their nem nuong con (pork spring roll with crispy stuff inside) was also delicious. This is a no frills place located in a random strip mall complex, but definitely worth going to if you're in the area!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jonathan W.', '3', "My friend and I came here because I found this place on Yelp with pictures of the Nem Nuong Cuon (Brodard's famous spring rolls) and NEEDED to try it.   I got 4 spring rolls and special combination rice plate with pork chop.  This place would've gotten a higher rating, but the pork chop I got was minuscule.  It was smaller than the size of my palms and I was deeply disappointed.  The different items on the combination plate could also use a bit more seasoning as it was kind of a little bland for me compared to other Vietnamese joints.  The Nem Nuong Cuon.  It was not bad, but it wasn't as great as Brodards.  The difference was texture.  Brodard's spring rolls are a lot crunchier and I think that makes all the difference.  The peanut sauce that it comes with was also not as good, but I'm glad I finally found a place that serves this.   I will probably be back with friends from NorCal who have a craving for the Nem Nuong Cuon!  I will also probably get the beef ribs or bbq pork next time because of the small size of the pork chop."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ellie D.', '1', "I really love com tam here! Its's the best by far. Their nem nuong cuong is also amazing! But i dont think i'll get to go often since they raise the price. Its's so expensive for a plate of asian food costing $14..."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Johnny L.', '5', "The Best Com Tam Suon Bi Cha in America! I can assure you that! This place coming from thee biggest Vietnamese community in America, why not? The rice is soft and the fish sauce melts into the rice and then to your mouth.. oh, so good.. the grilled pork is drizzled with flavorful onion sauce and grilled perfectly, so tender, so thin, so good!.. the shredded pork was so fresh, so good tasting, better than any I had in 'my lifetime'.. the shrimp cake was an extra and it was so good.. fresh pickled vegetables and fresh leaves of lettuce and cucumber.. oh, so good.. makes me want a plate of this now! The spring rolls were nice and tight, full of ingredients.  It was good! All-in-all, GOOD! GOOD! GOOD!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Skye V.', '5', "Their com tam is the bomb!! This is our usual com tam place. Everything is on point here. Went with my family of four on New Years :) I ordered the com tam bi, cha, op la. So amazing!! This place definitely gives Com Tam Thanh a run for their money. The soup isn't my favorite but it's not bad.  My mom ordered the thit nuong (meat without the bone). It was super juicy and cooked perfectly. Plus we didn't have to deal with the bone that comes with suon nuong. Total: $40.78"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Greyson S.', '5', "The grilled pork is fantastic. Whether you order it as a banh mi at their affiliates sandwich shop or order alongside the grilled shrimp over broken rice, it's perfectly flavored, grilled, and juicy. Quick service and great staff."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mimi T.', '5', "An authentic Vietnamese place that actually focuses on customer service. They seat us quickly and super accommodating to our baby in the stroller. They bring extra bowls without us asking. I love the food and variety here. Everything is good and they give good portions.  I especially love their fish wrap dish. Our go-to place when we can't decide where to eat."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Carol L.', '3', "This has become our regular place because I can get a good broken rice place and my husband can get good pho here.  Oxtail pho with fresh noodles would be my recommendation if you're getting pho.  Broken rice comes with your choice of toppings, but I recommend the crispy tofu shrimp, egg cake, and short ribs! The establishment is large, but like many similar restaurants, not the cleanest.  That being said, it's spacious and a little loud, so I feel I can bring a baby or young child without worrying about bothering anyone. TLDR: Pretty decent com tam and pho"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'VyVy V.', '4', "It's my first time visiting San Jose in a few years from the east coast and my family took me here saying it was one of the best in the area for thit nuong.  My family and I all ordered the Bun Thit Nuong with Cha Gio and shrimp. It was a huge bowl! It was filled with lots and lots of fresh veggies - just the way I liked it. The thit nuong was so tender, juicy, and had tons of flavor! I definitely recommend it, considering the portions you get for the price.  I'm giving four stars just because we only got one cha gio (eggroll) cut into two pieces and one shrimp for the whole bowl. Since we ordered the bun with thit nuong, cha gio, and shrimp, I thought there would be a little more of the cha gio and shrimp."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kathy L.', '5', "I know this place is known for their rice dishes but every time my mom and I go here, we actually order their Bun Tom Thit Nuong (vermicelli noodles topped with shrimp, grilled pork, and veggies). If you want it to be extra amazing, ask to substitute the grilled pork out for Korean Short Ribs, you'll thank me later. Don't get me wrong their rice dishes here are great. This restaurant has multiple locations for a reason. I'd also recommend getting their Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork spring rolls). The dipping sauce is not as good as Brodard's but it's enough to satisfy my cravings."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Amie T.', '1', "This place take phone order but when I arrived the food are not ready as promised. If you afraid to prepare food because you're afraid I won't pick up order please do not take phone order. Plus, the health department should pay a visit to this place due to their cleanliness. Will never return"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'KC I.', '4', "Definitely come here for the shrimp cakes. My kids love coming here just for that as well as their broken rice plates. Usually no wait when we do come here, unless you're going on a weekend."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sally D.', '5', "Seriously, can't go wrong with some com tom, bi, cha, suon nuong (#63). This is my absolutely favorite dish here! Dish comes with all kind of sides - meat, more meat, shrimp cake, egg cake, lettuce & cucumbers too. Rice plate also comes with a side of plain looking soup but packed with some typa meat-flavored broth and topped with green onions.. mMmmm.  We also ordered the Nem Nuong Rolls (2). The rolls were pretty bomb, but the sauce is meh. Add a little chillay and you're good to go.  ++ This location has AC, which is perfect for those summer days.   ++ Accepts Credit Card + Great Customer Service"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ee Vonn Y.', '4', "Hands down, the nem nuong cuon is the closest to Brodard as it gets in SJ. The pork to the crispy eggroll crust echo that same feeling against your teeth as you chew through this delightful spring roll. They provide plenty of orange sauce. One order (4 pieces) was $8. The rice dish was average. The egg cake was good. The pork was my favorite and the shrimp paste was a humongous slice that even with sharing, I couldn't finish.  The service was friendly, fast, and minimal. We got our food, paid at the register, and were on our way. The restaurant had a nice interior and was lovely."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jenny N.', '5', 'Good decent price place to get Vietnamese com tam. The portion is pretty small compared to other stores. However their spring roll is really good. I would recommend this place to my friend.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kimberly H.', '3', "Craving some phooo so decided to try this place out! However, this place is more known for their broken rice plates -- looked pretty good :O .. next time! Ordered #5 - ox tail, beef, brisket, beef balls, tendon, beef, tripe.. and.. I think that's it.. from what I remember. And your choice of thin or fat noodle. First sip of the broth.. flavorful, not bad! I enjoyed the thin noodles. It was cooked perfectly, not hard or too soft. Overall, my pho craving was satisfied. My only complaints are that the brisket was a little fatty and ox tail was super smallll.. but other than that, thought it was fairly decent.  Yeah, next time I'll try their broken rice plates instead! Haha! Thankfully this place accepts card, since most places are cash only! Good service!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Qian W.', '4', "Solid pho and rice plate spot in the area. Good for a quick sit down meal or a long lingering one. They offer fat rice noodles and pho noodles for their pho! They also give lots of bean sprouts and jalapeños and the lime is one of the juicest ones I've seen. Gotta get your veggies ya know! The restaurant is very accommodating of large parties and they take card! It's great when no one has cash in their wallets. The parking lot out is a bit tight so be careful parking and leaving. : - )"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Marlene T.', '5', "Probably my boyfriends favorite place for broken rice plates. He always orders the combo deal. And boy does he scarf that down as it arrives. The portions are great, the flavors are wonderful, and the texture mixture of each and every item on your plate is just an exciting combo!  My favorite is the chicken. The grilled, well seasoned, delicious cut of meat sinks right into my bellies happy side. I tend to eat on the spicy side, so the extra fresh chili is a star to my attendance at this wonderful restaurant.  I'd have to say that the ambiance is hole in wall decent. Don't come expecting a 5 star service, just know what you want to eat and enjoy your meal. We did."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Fong L.', '4', "Egg cake didn't have enough of the yuan yi for me, good not great.  Had #33.  The rest of the plate was delicious!!  Knocked off star because I couldn't believe the price was $11.  Still would return."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Pooky C.', '4', "It's hard to remember the names of Vietnamese restaurants because they are all similar. It turned out, this Com Tam Thien Huong restaurant is a chain restaurant and they have multiple locations. No wonder I thought they all sounded the same.  Anyway, we came here to have broken rice dish. I had BBQ Pork dish and it was delicious. The service was fast as well. I'll try their dry noodle everybody is raving about next time."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tram N.', '4', "My all time favorite when I was growing up. I loved pho and I loved broken rice plates. I used to eat it everyday at home. It isn't expensive so it was a perfect meal especially when you are on a budget but need all the food groups minus the vegetables: grains and proteins.  Service was decent, the speed of the food was fast, and this place offers a variety on the menu. It isn't bad but I only came to this location because they accept Visa/MC.  They forgot my daughter's milk tea but that is ok since she was full by the end of the me and I saw that they didn't charge me for it.  It was the first time Craig tried broken rice. He trusted me to order for him and his kids. His kids are fairly new to Asian cuisine and I was pleasantly surprised that they finished their kid's pho. Oh, BTW their large pho is not a true large so don't order it thinking you can split it between 2 kids so I ended up ordering Gavin a kid's pho, too.  My entree was good; rice was dry but it is supposed to be. The tofu was tender and savory, the bi (shredded pork) was not dry, and the cha trung was delicious.  I want a plate right meow!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Stanley Y.', '4', "The thick noodle pho was great. Standard pho restaurant decor and furnishings. Narrowest parking lot I've ever seen. ~$10/bowl."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Quyen H.', '3', "A pretty decent place to grab Vietnamese food. There are plenty of tables and I never seem to have to wait for a table when I come.  I always get the com tam ga or the rice plate with the BBQ chicken. It comes with a small bowl if soup and a generous portion of chicken and rice. The other items on the menu are not that bad either.  This place is clean, which I really like. Especially the bathroom!  Also, they accept credit cards here. Only master cards and visa but it's better than most Vietnamese restaurants which only accepts cash.  If you're looking for a quick Vietnamese fix then stop by!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Elle T.', '1', "Poor service!!!! Came here to lunch for 4. Brought everyone's food out except for mines?!? Everyone is practically done with their food by now . I also even ordered the spring rolls and even that shit didn't come out !  I couldn't wait any longer so I had to request to change the order to go. I'm so fuckin annoyed esp given that this is my first meal of the day !  My family has already finished their food and even by now my Togo is not out yet.. Wow wtf.. Never coming back here again. Also,I did not receive an apology or a refund whatsoever. What a horrible experience."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sherry C.', '5', 'I am on a quest in search for Vietnamese restaurants that specialize in rice plate dishes and found this place. Don\'t be fooled by the bright red neon "Pho" sign posted on the window because this place is apparently known for their rice plates as ordered by majority of the patrons. We got the #61 Rice with shredded pork skin, BBQ pork chop and fried shrimp cake and the #66 Rice with BBQ pork chop, grilled shrimp on sugar cane and fried shrimp cake. What I really love about these dishes is the ultra-fragrant and perfectly flavored BBQ pork. The shredded pork skin was also well prepared and nicely seasoned. The fried shrimp cake is a tad dense compared to the previous restaurant I visited. However, the real surprise is with the pickled leeks/shallots accompanying the rice plates. They are tangy and sweet which go very well with the dishes.  Now that\'s something you won\'t see very often.  All in all, great service and excellent, delicious meal! They also accept MC/VISA.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jean K.', '5', "So happy I came here for good ol' viet food!! Ordered the plate after a recommendation and did not leave disappointed! Food 5/5 Ordered #27 with bbq chicken, and holy was the plate huge. Loved the pork shredded noodle type side, crispy shrimp cakes, and the sugarcane! Yummmm Had to take 1/2 back.. Loved then spring rolls too!! Quick service, great portion, will leave a full happy camper :) Will come back here for the yummy plates!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Victor G.', '3', 'Com Tam Thien Huong seems to be all over san jose, now also in milpitas. offering:pho, rice plates, bo, etc. short menu. pho seems the fav. eats: pho tai gan (L.8.75)got fat noodles (i.e. ho fun) for lst time. -broth tasted very sugary the lst time, later taste, slight msg.  -beef not the usual  eye round, some  other shriveled up beef instead. -fat noodles keep failing off spoon, at least it doesn\'t have the "al dente" issue. decades eating thin noodles, too late to change. 3.5 stars  food notes: -"where\'s the beef" an issue. shriveled up beef difficult to spot, tastes different -usual service at Vietnamese eatery, food, water served, that\'s it.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Connie H.', '5', 'Owner and staff are very friendly and attentive! Food is really really good. True authentic Vietnamese food! I love the com tam they have here, portions are huge, prices are really reasonable. The special com tam plates come with, Your choice of bbq meat, fried shrimp cake, egg cake, carrot/daikon pickled side, side of salad, shrimp on a sugar cane stick, broken rice, side of hot soup, and nuoc mam!  So delicious!  Nem nuong is also really good']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lena V.', '3', "I came here for their nem nuong spring rolls only. I ordered a plate of 4. My bf order a plate of 4 for himself as well and a com tam dish. I only ate 2 spring rolls and I was pretty full from it. The flavor of the nem nuong was pretty good. What would've made it even better would be the dipping sauce, but the dipping sauce wasn't very flavorful. It didn't really enhance it like it should. Definitely cannot compare to brodard's. I tried my bf's com tam plate and it was alright. The shrimp paste on the sugar cane was pretty good. I had 2 spring rolls left over so I took those to go. I ate it the following day and i thought it tasted a little better. I had to heat them up a little in the microwave but the flavor of the nem nuong was better."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Martin N.', '5', 'Every time my cousins come down from SF they always crave Vietnamese food, so where do I take them... here! The Com Tams never disappoint and it satisfies our cravings so much! Every time I eat Vietnamese food I always get my Vietnamese Coffee and I am always pleased with the one here. Normal Viet restaurants tend to do: 3/4 ice and 1/4 coffee... but Com Tam Thien Huong gave me the right amount of coffee to ice ratio. Yummy ! :) We were seated so fast even though it was lunch time! Will always come back to this place! Always consistent and I get my Viet food fix, even though I am Viet myself, Haha! Remember: CASH ONLY!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Samantha N.', '4', "Me and my sisters came here because they heard the NEM NUONG CUON were better than Brodards. This was my first time having the spring roll, though I have eaten nem nuong with different dishes. I thought the spring roll was good, not crazy delicious like I was going to expect but above average. I liked the crispy things inside the roll. My sisters say it's similar to Brodards but not quite up to par.  This place also specializes in broken rice. I got the COM TAM with shredded pork, BBQ pork and an egg patty. First off, they give you a big portion. The rice and BBQ pork were perfectly cooked. The BBQ pork were in long strips so you can take easy bites from it. Get the BBQ pork!  I got to try a piece of the FRIED SHRIMP CAKE. I would definitely get this on your rice. It was crispy and delicious (better than the egg patty in my opinion).  Overall, they do an amazing job with their broken rice dish. And their spring rolls are good too! Come by and get your Vietnamese food fix!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tina N.', '3', "Spreading quick! These broken rice plates are becoming a go to place. I came with my friend to this location. We first ordered nem nuong as an appetizer and I got a com tam cha thit nuong, which is a broken rice plate with Vietnamese grilled pork chop and steamed egg and ground pork. Friend got the same thing in addition to tau hu ky (fried shrimp wrapped with bean curd skin).  Tina's Tips and Tantrums - Nem Nuong is delicious especially with that sauce and they sell it individually  - Believe it or not, after three minutes our appetizer came out  - Rice plates are very presentable and the items were all glossy  - My rice was pretty dry even with the nuoc mum (fish sauce)... - Service was alright, nothing special - Random carpets on the floor for non slip I guess, but makes the place look a little ghetto. - Pricing is decent for the proportion of food, I couldn't even finish mine"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Vivian L.', '3', 'I\'ve never been to a restaurant that mainly serves com tam (aka broken rice plates). My boyfriend enjoys it though so we decided to come here with his family for lunch. FOOD: -- BBQ pork chop and grilled shrimp on sugarcane -- 3 stars The dish wasn\'t bad, but probably not the best around. Pork chop had good flavors with tolerable amounts of MSG so it\'s worth a try. Sugarcane shrimp was also decent although the sugarcane itself wasn\'t sweet. I personally thought their fish sauce wasn\'t strong enough too, so it didn\'t make that huge of a taste difference drizzling it over my rice. -- BBQ pork chop and egg cake -- 3 stars  My boyfriend ordered this and I didn\'t quite enjoy the egg cake. He thought it was OK though. The BBQ pork was the same as mine. -- Nem nuong cuon -- 3 stars -  People say their nem nuong resembles Brodards, but obviously Brodards is much better. Not that this was bad, but they wrap too much lettuce in there that it kinda took away from the crunchy texture of the fried egg roll skin. Otherwise it\'s alright and the sauce was acceptable too. -- Lemon soda --  Standard, but worth mentioning because it is WAY OVERPRICED. For a can of Canada Dry soda, lime, and ice this was $4....um, I can buy a pack of 6 with that! We were seated right away despite it being noon already. The interior is spacious and has enough room for people to move around comfortably. However, one crucial thing to note is that everything seems to feel sticky there, from their utensils to tables and even chairs. So I HIGHLY suggest cleaning the utensils before using (I actually found some leftover stains on a supposedly "clean" spoon). YOU\'VE BEEN WARNED!!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Andrea G.', '4', "I went here this morning with my family. I ordered a com tam thit nuong, tau hu ky, and chao tom, which is broken rice with BBQ pork, shrimp wrapped in tofu skin, and sugarcane shrimp. The portions are huge so they are totally worth the price. Each rice dish comes with a bowl of soup. I thought the food was flavorful and delicious. The menu was super long. But when you read what each item is,  you realize that they're just listing the different combinations of items you can get with the rice. So it's not as extensive as you first think when you look at the menu. And if it's not on the menu, you can just order the combination that you want, the price might be a little different. They also serve vermicelli bowls and pho.  It's definitely good, but for me, it was a lot of rice. I'm not a big rice eater so I wish they offered other foods too. But if you love broken rice, this is the place to go."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'An N.', '4', "I just love the fact that this place is around the corner from home. We can come in anytime and we get great service. Even when it's busy, they always seat us good service.  My son loves it here, he has his favorite foods here, pho and rice. Thank goodness because we come here quite often and eating the same thing gets pretty boring.  The Nem Cuon here and their orange sauce is just like Brodards. Which I think is very good."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Michelle V.', '4', "Really delicious broken rice plates here. Legit! We opted to hit this Com Tam spot versus the more popular one down the street from here.  I liked the service here a lot. Our waiter was 100% Vietnamese. Definitely in his 40's. And miraculously, he spoke PERFECT English. Ain't that cool? :) I actually ordered myself the rice plate that came with the fried egg paste. Reason being, I was still not allowed to chew during that time of my double jaw surgery recovery. Food still tasted bomb dot com without chewing. Loved their fish sauce and the soup broth that each rice plate came out with. The bf didn't really enjoy the meat he ordered on his rice plate. Oh well, at least we didn't have to deal with horrible service (which is the norm for most Asian restaurants)."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Remy W.', '5', 'grilled pork spring roll is the best here (,: it comes with two per order & their fatty brisket pho was really good!! prob the best pho i had in sj bc of their broth.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'danica c.', '4', 'They have broken rice!   I mean just look at the pictures.  I mean seriously compare the pictures with other restaurants in the area.  This place has serious great food.  Not to mention broken rice is hard to find nowadays.  This place is relatively clean and the food is great.  The service is just like any other Vietnamese restaurant.  I really love the food, so much so I ate my whole plate, not a piece of food left.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sophie Y.', '5', "Oh my goodness, the dry noodles here is delicious!!! I ALWAYS order that when I come here, but I guess I have had better luck parking than most people, but since it's a small plaza and most people come here in large vans.  I feel like I used to come here every weekend for the dry noodles #83"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Veronica C.', '4', "Simple, delicious and inexpensive broken rice!  Came here since my go-to broken rice place was closed early. Bonus points in my book that they are open til 9 p.m for a late eater like myself.   The restaurant dining area is pretty nice, clean, brightly lit and spacious. The tables were not closely stuck together like many of the other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.  I ordered the stuff that I've been craving for days: BBQ pork chop on rice!  The portion was on the smaller side; nevertheless, everything on the plate was packed with flavor. The meat was clean and had very little gnawy, fatty parts - everything was delicious. The broth that came with the rice was spoon-to-the-bottom good!!  Tip: The pho dishes suck!  I would stick to their rice plates."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Katharine A.', '4', "I've come back more times than I can count and now am a huge fan.  LOVE the bun here.  Service is friendly.  I've eaten in house and to go and always been treated greatly."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Fatlady N.', '4', "I have an addiction to try different  beef spring rolls from all over the place. So this review will be just  base on one item. I would have to go back and try the rest of the menu. To give an overall rating for food.  SPRING ROLL 4 star      I am a fan of there spring rolls here. The meat is fresh, the amount of vegetables wrapped inside is the perfect amount  and the rice paper on the outside is soft when it comes out from the kitchen. I also loved the orange sauce that they serve along with the rolls. It has a sweet enough flavor to balance out the meat taste. The only downside that I can think of  about this roll is that it doesn't have the crunch that I am use to. Usually with the Nem Nuong( rolls),  the middle has a thin layer of fried crust that give it a crunch. But this place doesn't make it like that. But still a must try. Location: 4 star      The restaurant is really clean and spacious. One of the many cleaner asain restaurant I've been too. Theres ample of parking space, so you don't have to worry about parking."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Victoria M.', '3', "The pho here wasn't bad..but they were closing and let us know upon arrival that we should order before the kitchen closes. My husband ordered the Ox Tail Soup and I had the rare steak pho. We also got the avocado/strawberry smoothies. I wasn't very hungry so I didn't finish my soup. The broth tasted a little on the bitter side but I can't base my review on that because it was the end of the day and I was sick. So I'm hoping to return and try things when I'm in better shape. It wasn't too bad. I've read alot of reviews based on their rice plates which I'm hoping to try upon return."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nicky T.', '5', "You can never go wrong with this Vietnamese chain. Ambience is perfect. Food carries a taste like no other. Service is friendly. Portions are quite friendly as well. I'd expect a wonderful overall experience every visit. BBQ pork wit rice is my favorite dish. Iced coffee also a must. It's strong!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Julie N.', '5', 'You seriously can\'t go wrong with any of the rice plates here. The accompaniments never disappoint. I always save the shrimp wrapped in fried bean curd for last because it\'s my favorite and I want to savor every bite. I can\'t get over how crispy the shell always is, and the crunchy yet juicy shrimp filling. I know that might sound unappetizing -- crunchy -- but it\'s definitely a good thing in this type of Vietnamese cuisine. A crunchy aka "do`n" texture in this case means the paste isn\'t overly dense. It\'s so good! Definitely gives my glutamate receptors a field day!  Most recently, I had the spare ribs as my meat option and it was perfect. NGON HET SAY! hahaha. So tender and not too sweet, which is usually my biggest complaint about BBQ. Sweet savory food is just such a big investment to me; but I\'m probably the only person to ever think that. Anyway, their version definitely rivals that of K-Town\'s most popular spots and I\'ve already a huge fan of those. It\'s definitely all about quality of food here, though they are not stingy with their portions either -- An $11 take-out sized rice plate easily lasts me two meals... and it actually feels like a real meal versus when I order all varietals of fries (yay curly fries!) and what turns out to be a soggy breakfast sandwich with grey sausage and limp bacon (wth?!) at Jack-in-the-Box O_o There are simpler combos, but I\'m a greedy eater and usually get the ones that have everything imaginable when it comes to com tam. Feel free to be as greedy as me! Or not but maybe try Jack\'s new srircha sandwich and lmk how it is :3']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Swaggy P.', '5', 'Love the com tam here. It came out quick.  Pork was charbroiled and good.. Egg was perfect.  Good service too.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Clarissa L.', '4', "This was a restaurant that Tiffany recommended. She'd come here from SF just to have some of these yummy spring rolls. The sauce complimented the rolls very well. We also ordered the BBQ pork chops rice plate to share. I personally wish there was more meat but nonetheless, I thought the pork chops were on point and would order this again."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Haley C.', '2', 'If you do not know what "Com Tam"is, let me edumicate you (yes I misspelled this on purpose) , "Com Tam" means Broken Rice. In a restaurant business case, it means rice plate. You can choose your choice of meat: pork, chicken, or beef that comes with certain sides like an egg cake, shredded pork, and a side of soup. There\'s also the Special Rice combination, that comes with what I\'ve mentioned above and more sides like the Fried shrimp cake & shrimp paste sugar cane.  As I am heading over this neighborhood for a Costco run, I\'ve decided to also eat around the area and found this place attractive with high ratings, a lot of reviews and tasty looking pictures. It\'s like a big sign, saying, You Must Try!  As we\'re seated, I was scooting my chair in and the seat itself felt sticky. The restaurant looks spacious enough to seat a lof of people. The service was prompt and I ordered a #68 Special Rice plates for 13 whole dollars. Since I do not come to this area often, I wanted to go all out and with that determination, I added a Fried Egg to go with my meal. I do recommend this to all the Com Tam first timers. Ask yourself, Why Not?  My meal arrived and everything looked just like how i imagined it to be, tasty looking.  Boy, was I in for a let down. The shrimp cake wasn\'t as crispy as I thought it\'d be and my pork chop was a bit on the cold side as if they\'ve forgot to warm it up. Did the fried egg take more time to cook than for them to put together this dish? I wasn\'t sure, but I was a bit disappointed, that this high rated yelped restaurant wasn\'t give me the hot, right out of the wok meal.  I do notice that a lot of native speaking vietnamese customers were frequenting this place, so I thought this place must be good. It has the locals coming in. I wonder if the yelp rave raised my expectations and did not live up to its rating.  I\'m giving this place a 2 star on my rice plate dish as I have honestly had better.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Doris H.', '5', "This place never fails to satisfy me when I crave com tam! Portions are huge, servers are nice, parking is a bit bad but you'll get used to it, and the ambience is nice as well.  Back to the com tam, their portion size is enough for two people to share in my opinion and you'll be satisfied. I love the shredded pork as well as the cake they give you. Vegetables are clean and they give you complimentary soup on the side. What more can you ask for?"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kara M.', '5', "Their Nem Nuong springrolls here are just about as good as it gets here in San Jose, but I still long for the ones down at Brodard's in SoCal. Their broken rice plates are delicious and filling. I usually get the one with a fishcake and short ribs and all come with a salad and soup. Mmmm."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', "I absolutely love, love, love, love, LOVE this place. The restaurant itself is spacious, clean, brightly lit and welcoming.  & the servers are extremely friendly! :) If you're craving fried chicken, I recommend getting the deep fried chicken here. It is absolutely amazing. However, this time, I got something new, their com tam (broken rice dish)! If you're craving a broken rice dish, this is the place to go to!!!!! (It takes a while for your food to come out, but worth the wait!) I ordered #63, because it basically has everything! I just changed the meat to Korean Bbq Short ribs because I was craving that, but overall, this place is the bomb and never fails to satisfy me. The total came out to be $26 for two places! The only thing is that sometimes, there is a huge line, but just put your name down anyways, because this place is worth going to! :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tresha U.', '3', "Came around 3 in the afternoon to get some pho with my mom. So it wasn't that busy. She ordered a #19 with fat noodle and I believe I got #13. Anyways we were chatting on how we were impressed the place was until my mom found a mysterious bug in her pho. She asked the waiters almost immediately what it was and they took it away from me to even take a photo of it. Happily replaced our bean sprouts and her pho. If it wasn't for the bug in the pho would've given it 5. Edit 1: Avocado shake was made of powder. :("]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nick T.', '5', 'A little pricey but by far the best Vietnamese restaurant in San Jose. Pho is phenomenal! Rice plates are also on point. Lunchtime is slammed pack always. Dinner is the golden ticket. Definitely check this place out. ***Be sure to specify between rice noodle or fat noodle to waiter.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Danielle S.', '4', "Com Tam Thien Huong has really REALLY good rice plates, but it's a bit pricey for my liking. I know what it costs to make this stuff, and I'm not thrilled that it's overpriced. I guess you're paying for the taste, because this place is second to only Com Tam Dat Thanh in the ranking of SJ's finest rice plates. You're looking at a price range of about $9-$13 for a single rice plate. At it's cheapest, it comes with your choice of meat, a side of egg cake, shredded pork, or fried shrimp, and a side of soup broth. Their pork chops are flavorful and never dry, and I definitely suggest you add a fried egg to whatever com tam plate you get. As far as cleanliness goes, this place beats out Dat Thanh. Service is similar to whatever other viet place you can think of."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'John C.', '4', "Would I come back - 100% Yes. Although they are known for Broken Rice plates ordered the Bun and Pho... the result - very pleased!! 2 item review:  HUGE PORTIONS Bun (Vermicelli Bowl) with Thit Nuong (Grilled Pork) and fried roll. Pho - Combination and Oxtail.   Size - Large and it's a Big Bowl. Cuts - Top Notch - Great Quality and a fair amount.  Only downfall is the thinly sliced oxtail.  Personally wouldn't order the oxtail again. Noodles - as expected, fresh Al dente. Greens - as expected, fresh. Broth - a little sweet but not a turn off as I reduce the amount of Hoisin and maintain the same level of Sriracha.  Yes, the other Yelpers are correct the broth is no where near piping hot and was borderline luke-warm. Tip:  Next time specify HOT Broth!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Anh H.', '2', "The food is great.. The service on the other hand is just sad. You feel so unwelcome And always have to ask twice to get what you want.  Also, they have started to overcharge for everything and skimping on the rice plates. I was never able to finish a plate by myself before but now it has gotten so small it barely makes me full. Oh, don't get the shrimp with your rice plate. 1 shrimp for $1.50!? Are you kidding me? I only get one and it was overpriced and didn't even taste that great! Time to find a new com tam place"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'rebecca c.', '4', "We drove to San Jose for some authentic Vietnamese food, bc quite frankly I haven't really had any awesome Vietnamese in SF city yet.  The broken rice dishes were pretty fantastic! My fried shrimp cake was light and crispy, the pork cop tender, I was in heaven.  I wish they'd open one is SF!!!! It's def worth the drive!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Linda L.', '4', 'This was the first com tam thien Huong that I went to and I was hooked every since. I absolutely love their rice noodles with grilled pork and an egg roll. Loaded with fresh veggie and perfectly marinated grilled pork. The flavors really compliment each other. The balance between the fish sauce, rice noodles, and all the veggies and grilled pork is a perfect harmony and the enroll just gives it an extra crunchy savory kick. Their rice plates are good too. I always have a hard time picking so I always get the combination plate ( they have I think 4 different kinds : grilled chicken, pork chops, spareribs, and grilled pork) like the little piggy I am. Their portions are huge and you could easily share the entree. And if you order a rice dish it comes with a complimentary soup on the side.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Joseph B.', '3', 'The quality of the food is not bad, there is just not much of it. The portions you pay for versus what you get were very small. Not the most filling meal if you are looking for dinner. The bo dai han, spareribs, were pretty good but a little on the oily side. The shrimp with sugarcane was good.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jennie N.', '4', "This place has some great Vietnamese food! One of my favorite restaurants to go to for broke rice plates and has far exceeded many other restaurants when it comes to this dish! Their charbroiled pork plate is on point and is marinated beautifully. Everything on their plates tastes fresh!  A must get is their nem nuong cuon (grilled pork roll) with their yummy orange fish sauce. One of the best things about the rolls is the crispy eggroll wrapper inside, some would say this is almost comparable to Brodard's in SoCal.  I've tried their Pho and other rice dishes and they're decent but the rice plates is where it's at. Do remember to top your rice plate with a fried egg! Delish!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jenny Q.', '3', "I got a #67 broken rice plate & bf got #1 pho.  Nothing on my plate tasted rave-worthy but the fried shrimp cake & bbq pork were good. The sugar cane wrapped in shrimp repulsed me a little since I was in a savory mood and the sweet crunch caught me off guard. Shredded pork skin: pretty unremarkable.  Pho tasted alright although the broth did not have enough umami-ness in it for me.  Bland, that's the word. Only thing that hella bothered us was the employee who played Bejeweled on his phone at max volume. Helllooo...do you realize that you're making all your customers listen to the Bejeweled man's husky voice encouraging you to play harder?! -.-"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'William N.', '4', "Straight forward and honest Vietnamese food. Their food quality definitely sets them apart in the endless sea of Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose   The menu has many different combinations of broken rice plates, vermicelli bowls and even pho and noodle soup. If you're into broken rice plates and vermicelli bowls, this is definitely the place to go. I would definitely recommend the grilled pork as the choice of protein in either dish."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kelly T.', '5', "I've been here dozen of times and this is one of my favorite com tam restaurant ! Ive tried many of the food here but their main dishes are the com tam and the nem nuong which goes so well with their dipping sauce. Also this place is very convenient and it's in the plaza of Senter market . I know that they've opened more com tam places but the one on senter is my favorite ! The decor is very simple so it doesn't really grab my attention. I also recommend the com ga hai nam ! It's my absolute favorite . Just everything about it tastes so good .  This is place is not a place for Pho so I don't recommend to go here to eat pho. Plus the pho is alright ."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Katherine L.', '5', "I never know what to order here, I love love love broken rice plates and they make everything so well. I love the fried tofu and the paste wrapped around the sugar cane and the various grilled meats.... I promise you, you can't go wrong. Also, if you have ever been to socal you know that Brodard's Nem Nuong is really difficult to replicate. They do a pretty good job here and I'm a total sucker for it. I always order myself a plate as an appetizer as well as a rice plate. I'm normally a very light eater but I cannot resist... I'll finish EVERYTHING in my sight."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mya N.', '4', "We came here for lunch after church and it was quite a long wait outside. When we were finally seated the menu had a large variety of items to choose from. We had nem nuong as an appetizer and they were large, fresh and delicious dipped in the sauce that came with it.  I ordered the thai ice tea with boba. It came in a to-go cup pre-stirred. It was not sweet and creamy enough for me. Quite bitter actually. Next time ill order a coke. My entree: broken rice with beef spare ribs, grilled shrimp on sugar cane, egg cake, shredded pork and fried crispy shrimp. The portions were huge I was able to share with my daughter and still didn't finish. Overall the food was really good and I will be back..."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Linda N.', '4', "I love broken rice! So good, I like pretty much any of the options. If you're not familiar with these dishes, don't be overwhelmed by the menu, there's many options but not that different, there are only slight variations between the dishes. I like the chicken, pork, or beef dishes-- they're all good! I've eaten here twice, and both times were pleasant. It does get very crowded during peak times: lunch and dinner. They have a list that you can put your name on and wander around Grand Century (not that there's much to see, but you can always grab a snack or a drink at the Food Court)."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Victor Q.', '2', "This is the one of the few places that makes me think harder on whether to trust the amount of stars a place has on yelp. Four stars, I'd thought this place would be better but in the end it did fall short of my expectations. My family often goes to San Jose to get delicious Vietnamese foods since SF doesn't have many. We decided instead of going to our usual favorites, we'd give other places a chance so we checked yelp and it pointed us here with the great reviews and star count.  First off, when we got seated, the tables were really sticky.. These are the stickiest tables I've ever dined on, so I wonder how much effort does the staff put in maintaining the place? The food took a while to get to us as well, lets get into the food now. They are pretty stingy on the meat portions, since usually I would get two pieces of pork chop, not just one flap. The meat also lacks flavor and is very dry, also pretty burnt on the sides. The fried shrimp cake was really greasy and wasn't crispy. As for the egg cake, parts of the tasted hard and stale. The other com tam places way surpass this place,  that's why my expectations are up there. Also for the amount and quality we get, it's not worth the price they established on their menu. A side note to their attention to service. My sister ordered a fried egg on the side with her order, however they placed the egg on top of my plate, which I did not order. I would have thought they'd place the egg on a separate side plate or on her order at least.  Well we wouldn't have known unless we tried, I now know which com tam place not to go to in SJ and which are great to bring my friends/family to."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'J S.', '3', "The food is pretty good, although the prices are higher since last year. Also smaller portions for the rice dishes. I ordered the BBQ pork with shrimp cake and BBQ shrimp for $11. Last year they gave me more pork and it had 2 shrimps. Now it's just 1, blahhh.  Another thing is they don't serve rice stick noodles anymore!! Uh, that's kind of odd since it's Vietnamese pho?! Weird At least the service is still great, owner was very nice. We come here when we need to service our car on Capitol"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'David S.', '4', 'Deep fried tofu cake is crispy and good. The meat portion is a bit on the smaller side.   Service was friendly and the meal is good value for the price.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jaime A.', '4', 'I only had the Nem Nuong Rolls, but they were delicious. Great customer service, plus they have AC!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kenny P.', '3', 'I may have made a major faux pas ordering Hu Tieu at a Com Tam restaurant but I was CRAVING it and there was no other place in the plaza that serves Hu Tieu.  Initially after walking into this place it smells funny, of ngouc mum and dirty cloth.  They need to clean this place out or renovate it to get rid of the stink.  SERIOUSLY.  Smelly restaurants bother me.  Get some better ventilation too as well! The Hu Tieu was pretty good though  and the Pho was also on par with their other location on Capitol Expy which is much newer.  Hu Tieu bowl was on the smaller ish side but just the right size portion to not feel overly full.  It took forever to get water and tea for some reason after ordering.  Strange cause the restaurants was maybe 1/2 to 3/4th full, service should not be lackluster.  I would likely give them 4 stars if I ate Com Tam here but did not.  It is not the nicest restaurant or most best location in my opinion, but surely it is a popular spot based on the number of patrons they get.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dat P.', '4', 'They have never once disappointed me. The food always came out hot and ready to dig in. It could be a little pricey depends on what you order, other than that best place to have your plate. The restaurant was clean and music playing not too loud in the background. I really like the design of this restaurant with comfy cushion chair']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Maria P.', '4', 'My family decided to try this on a whim because our favorite viet spot is closed. So we were seated right away and give us ample time to decide before ordering. I got a bbq pork, fishcake and rice and my husband got the bbq pork,fishcake,grilled shrimp on sugarcane with fried eggs. The server provided an extra bowl with clippers for my son and brought out the soup right away for my son. I am impressed! Small gestures like that is appreciated specially if they concerned your child. Their bbq tasted soooo flavorful! Their soup tasted sooo clean, and the broken rice is cooked perfectly. The combo platter is superb! It hit the spot! Definitely will come back to dine in again here!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dawn D.', '4', "My favorite vermicelli and grilled pork with egg rolls EVER.  Everytime I'm in the area, which is not very often, I'll try to eat here just for that bowl of heavenly goodness. I have absolutely hate the parking lot. The spaces are so tight! I'm thinking the next time I eat there I'll park across the street. :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dianna N.', '5', "One of my favorite places to get a rice plate. I've been going here for years and it always hits the spot when I'm craving it. The portions are huge and everything is so fresh and hot. The broth they give you is so amazing and flavorful. I love getting the combo plates because it comes with everything you could possibly want! It's a little pricier now but definitely worth your money."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Syl C.', '5', "I ordered a rice plate with pork and shrimp. It's the best rice plate I ever had. I also order a thai tea. It's a little too sweet for me but the overall service is quick and great."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Teena N.', '5', "This is my favorite place to get broken rice in San Jose. I really like the cleanliness of the restaurant first of all and the ambiance. I spent a total of 3 months in Viet Nam before and ate a lot of com tam and I have to say this place's com tam is the most similar to the kind I have in Viet Nam if we were to speak about the taste and the way they grill their meat. Although I have to say my family has ordered outside of the com tam menu and eaten Pho here before which was not good. So I reccomend that if you go here definitely get the com tam, but I cannot vouche for anything else."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tess R.', '5', 'LOVE LOVE LOVE. Great solid Vietnamese restaurant, that has the same quality no matter what location you go to. I love this place. I normally get the rice plate, with the KBBQ and the shrimp cake, or if I want to go lighter I get the noodle salad. Both tasty as hell. OH btw their rolls are just as good as Brodards. I know many may disagree, but in a blind taste test, I actually prefer Com Tam Thien Huong more.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Thomas N.', '4', "I have never eat com tam up here in San Jose before and this was the first time with couple of my friends. I was not craving for com tam but my friends were and so i went with what they chose. At first the location seem like any other Vietnamese restaurant in the area. The parking would be the biggest negative as it was quite crammed with little space to drive through.  I am accustomed to eating com tam down in Orange County aka Westminster which is the next biggest Viet town. The restaurant itself was really huge and was really nice with the decorations reminding you of Vietnam.  Now for the food, i ordered the com tam thit nuong with shrimp cake for $7.95. The price was reasonable and comparable to com tam places in Westminster. The food looked really good and the pork was cooked really well. I was surprised how good it tasted. I liked it better than at com tam in Westminster. The pork was cooked really nicely and had a bit of searing making it very tasty. It had the traditional soup and fish sauce on the side to add to the dish. I wasn't a big fan of the shrimp cake which i thought was ok but the pork really sold me.  I would recommend eating at this place if you are traveling or residing in the San Jose area and crave for broken rice dishes. I definitely would come back here again if I were to come back to San Jose."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Gordon G.', '3', 'not very impressed. I only went for a quick pho, though.  The food was prepared very quickly. other than that,  nothing really special.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tiffany T.', '2', "Hungry for some Com Tam for the night, I knew the best place to find it would be no where else but San Jose.  After reading many great reviews about this place I had to give it a try.  ordered # 65 the chickenbbq (served with rice are two pieces of bbq chicken, a shrimp cake, ONE shrimp and some pickled veggies)  and #35 korean bbq both, togo (served with rice, 4 tiny pieces of kbbq, a shrimp cake, and pickled veggies)  the portion wasn't too bad and it wasn't great either & definitely not as enticing as I had expected it to be.  I don't know if it was due to the fact that I spoke English to them, which happens to make them think that I am not a true Vietnamese, therefore they can take advantage of it and just serve me tedious portions   [it usually happens a lot to me in Vietnamese businesses--surprise surprise, because I understand you fluently especially when you mess up my hair & tell it to your co-worker!] but I did not get the same experience in this restaurant as everyone here on yelp did :( *extremely disappointing  Nonetheless, I have had bigger portions Com Tam and a lot tastier com tam elsewhere. even in oakland.  Don't think I will come back, unless i was starving -- but even then, i rather drive a few extra miles to another Com Tam place."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Billy W.', '4', "This is the place to go for broken rice plates. I've been to a number of different restaurants in the South Bay, and this is by far my favorite.  The BBQ pork chop, my go to order, is flavorful and the fried shrimp cake is a perfect compliment. Portions are very generous as well. I highly recommend giving their BBQ pork chop a try. I always get compliments in how good their food smells when I bring this back to the office for lunch."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jen C.', '4', "If you are craving for broken rice plate and in the area, please go here. The BBQ pork chop is good- not overcooked and flavorful, also not too flavorful that over kills your pallet. The portion is huge for their price, don't know if you could find a place in the SC for that. I haven't tried the other dishes aside from Com Tam... your call if you want to try something that they aren't known for... I mean their name is Com Tan Thien Huong. :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Trish S.', '5', "Let me preface that I haven't tried their com tam dishes, but I am sure they're as great as the reviews claim. This review is for the only thing we've ever ordered here: NEM NUONG CUON.  Like most nem nuong cuon lovers, I've tried them at most locations that offer it, as most traditional Vietnamese restaurants don't always tend to make it. Brodards in Garden Grove was initially my favorite spot for these tasty, juicy rolls. Most places tend to not have the right ratio of ingredients in the roll. That, or their sauce disappoints.  I've eaten their nem nuong cuon here a few times in the past, but I still preferred Brodards. It wasn't until recently that I decided to reevaluate the two places and see which one takes the cake. After some time, I've come to realize that while Brodards has a delicious sauce, their nem (the meat itself) isn't as good as Com Tam Thien Huong's.  All in all, the best nem nuong cuon to date. Yep, I said it. The nem nuong cuon is better than Brodards. I am so happy now I don't have to drive down to so-cal to get my nem nuong cuon fix.  Definitely need to try their com tam in the near future."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jackie S.', '4', "This place has a nicer atmosphere and is clean for a Vietnamese restaurant. I thought the flavors for my dish was good. I ordered com tam with shrimp and a shrimp cake. My gripe is that the dish cost $7.95 and came with two prawns. It felt like a rip off, but at least the prawns were tasty.  In addition, if you are hungry, you'll need to wait for the food to come out. For some reason, food comes out a lot slower.  I'll still go back to Com Tam Dat Thanh as my go-to place.  Note: Parking spaces are tight. Since this place is busy, you may need to wait in line."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Julie L.', '5', 'Best com tam! Portions are huge, prices are low and meat is always juicy. We live in SF but come here just for the food then head straight back home. Worth it. Totally.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jonathan N.', '5', "Absolutely love this place!! The place is clean, fast and the foods is good!!! Their com tam selections are huge with many choice of meat selections. The plate Is humongous. One person can't finish all."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Erin B.', '3', "This place really satisfied my vietnamese food cravings. Be aware that this isnt really known for it's pho, but their bun and broken rice plates. I would've gave the place 4 stars if they didnt skimp out on the meat so much. When our food came in we were shocked to only get like four pieces of meat. Im not even exaggerating. If a order had so little meat, I wouldve expected the prices to be a little lower. But regardless, the food was still pretty decent. Enough for me to come back when I crave vietnamese food again."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Amber V.', '1', "This is based only on the Pho only Well I went here once and did not like it the Phó got me sick because it wasn't warm enough  second time I went because I thought it was better but they do not warm the Phó up if you order out you have to warm it up on your own! Even then it doesn't warm up & the meat does not cook goo enough  Will not be going here ever again"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kat N.', '1', 'Heard many great things about this place  and a lot of people had recommended this com tam place to me. I finally decided to try it after I got off work, so I called in and ordered a #68 which is a dac biet and pork chop.  The wait took awhile which was whatever, because I believe that good food takes time to be prepared. I finally got my order and when I got home I opened up the box and realized that there is no meat. I even had to ask my mother to reassure that there was no meat in the box. I decided to call and tell them that my order had no meat and that I was going to come back. When I get there, the guy takes my food and brings it into the back kitchen where obviously I can\'t see what they\'re doing, and comes back and tells me it was right there and that I didn\'t look hard enough. He opens up the box and I see a piece of pork chop which was not there when I got home.. I am so irritated that I did not take a picture, but seriously.. who has the time and energy after a long day at work to come back and waste time? I don\'t because I just want to eat and relax. He even had his workers come out and agree with him that I was wrong & one of them in the back said I was "blind" which I find to be really rude and disrespectful. Of course his workers would agree with him because they are on the same side.. Let me tell you this,  pork chop meat is pretty dark and I am pretty sure that it\'s hard to miss something like that.  I just can not believe that a business like this would try to blame it on the customer to save face.  I\'m so appalled that they even had the nerve to bring back my plate and claim that it was there the whole time and try to play it off that it was my fault. If it wasn\'t their fault why did they have to bring it in the back kitchen where they can easily throw in a piece of meat without me seeing it? My time and money has been wasted on a scandalous business that won\'t even admit they\'re wrong and even have the audacity to blame a customer for lying.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Annie M.', '5', "My favorite & go to place for com tam! Almost always I get fresh food & the taste is delicious. I always order the same thing since why mess with something good, right? I usually get the fried shrimp cake, egg cake & pork skin *drool* This place is clean & usually very busy during lunchtime on the weekends. However, for the price & the good food, I definitely think it's worth the way :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Derrick V.', '5', 'Their nem nuong cuon is pretty tasty, but their oxtail pho was awesome!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Eugene N.', '4', "First of all, im not Vietnamese, although I do frequent Com Tam and Pho restaurants here in San Jose. I've been to Com Tam Dat Thanh and Com Tam Thanh, which seems to be the 2 go to spots here in San Jose. I've always seen this on the way home, but finally had a chance to try it out. I have nothing but good things to say on my first experience. I almost always, get a dish with egg/pork cake no matter which Com Tam restaurant I go to. So this trip was no difference. I get the BBQ pork, with egg cake and shredded pork skin. Order comes with soup, and the side of fish sauce, as most com tam veterans are familiar with it. My GF ordered a small house special Pho. First thing I noticed with the Com Tam here is the texture and flavor of the pork. The texture I must say, i favored much better compared to Com Tam Thanh, and Dat Thanh. It almost looked like a pork koobideh (see Persian dish). It was tender and flavorful. Not to take away from the others, this just seemed better. Another thing that set them apart from the other popular places is the shredded pork skin. I've noticed the other places have a small/after taste to theirs. This place though looked very clean, fresh, no after taste. The EGG/PORK cake was good, I still prefer the one from Dat Thanh, but I noticed it to be personal taste. My GF's pho was ok. With all the Pho places around here, it's tough to judge. Esp, when this place is really known for Com Tam. I would still have to give up the upper hand to Pho Tau Bay, but there was nothing bad about this one. For those who like a lot of soup, you will be dissapointed that the bowl is smaller than that of Pho Tau Bay's small. For those who love noodles, don't worry, it is full of it. They don't skimp on the noodles or the meats. My dish was $7.25, my GF's pho was about $6 which was the small. So very affordable. The staff was prompt, the place was clean and modern looking. The only reason I deducted 1 star was because their Com Tam IS more expensive then the other popular spots I frequent (Dat Thanh, Com Tam Thanh), but it makes up in the quality in flavor, but I still had to deduct because the portion on the pork was slightly smaller.  **YELP TIP** THEY ACCEPT CREDIT CARD!!!!!!! Which is a huge plus since it seems rare with Viet/Asian restaurants I guess another reason for 1 reduced star is because then close too early!! You guys need to be open much later so you can take my business from  your competitors!  I highly recommend this place for com tam (Viet rice plates), and anytime I'm craving for it, and its before 9PM (when they close) this will be my first choice."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jasmyn J.', '5', "This place is pork roll heaven!!! I haven't tried anything else yet but the food looks amazing. Did mention the pork rolls?!! Delicious!! Staff is friendly nice environment too."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nga C.', '3', "I've come here a few times with my family, as they typically don't want to trek to the location on Story. The first time I came here, I actually ordered the pho and it was quite tasty. One of the best I had. I ordered it again recently, and it was definitely lacking something. Other than that, the rice plates are decent. The shrimp paste on sugar cane and in the tofu wrap could be improved, and you can never go wrong with the nem nuong cuon. Always tasty. If I get a rice plate, I always get the kalbi, but they seem to skimp on that.  It's random, but when ordering to go with those rolls, I find that the other location gives you more sauce than this one."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sam W.', '5', "This is our go-to pho place. Good price and it's really good! Also love the spring rolls and egg rolls. Only negative is that they close kind of early. Sometimes we don't eat until pretty late and I'm sad when they are already closed and we have to go elsewhere. But can't wait to be back here again!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mary L.', '5', "This com tam place has one of the juiciest meats I've ever had. I'm pretty sure almost anything you order from the pork chops, beef, korean BBQ, noodles or rice will be delicious!  Parking is a little crazy but it's worth it!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Pachi C.', '5', 'Food: Excellent broken rice plates Service: Super friendly and helpful Price: Extremely reasonable! I found this place after searching for "vietnamese" near my current neighborhood. This was a little closer to our new place than our go-to Tully Com Tam restaurant, so we gave it a try. SOLID. Large portions, good pricing. Their salad rolls are super tasty - they add some crunch and herbs that others don\'t typically have. It\'s a winner. I\'ve also had their vermicelli bowls and they are delicious as well. Now my restaurant of choice for broken rice and vermicelli bowls. The owners and servers are super helpful, friendly and patient. Love this place!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Joseph J.', '4', "I don't really care what you get, but make sure it has BBQ pork in it (thit nuong, I think it's called). Their BBQ pork is definitely the best thing about this place. Have it with vermicelli (bun) or broken rice (com tam), it doesn't matter; just make sure you get the BBQ pork."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'James L.', '4', 'quick tip: parking is really tight, all the cars are close together and careful backing out because the car behind you is only a few feet away I came here today because my friend said he found a rice plate place better than "Dat Thanh". He was right! Big portions for a cheap price only $10.75 so come hungry My order: #67 BBQ Pork * Broken rice * Shrimp on sugarcane * Egg cake * Shredded pork skin * Deep fried shrimp cake * Veggies * Soup- was really good * Added egg for $1 Everything tasted great. I only wish they gave me more BBQ Pork, but there\'s so much on that plate i didn\'t mind too much. I still left full and satisfied service was decent']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Iheartfood H.', '2', "I ordered takeout from here yesterday and the food was not as fresh. The eggrolls was dried and burnt. The meat dish I ordered was Thit nuong (pork meat) and it came out to be cold...I had to microwave it. I am not sure I would have the same experience eating inside. However, they were fast with the togo order but maybe that's why my food came out to be cold."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Uyen L.', '4', "This place is just a modern com tam place. Instead of the usual broken down places w/ delicious broken rice..this place is all decked out w/ good broken rice! The lines are usually long on weekends. They also have nem nuong rolls. They aren't as great as brodards but they're pretty damn good! I love the sauce!  The only down side is that their plates barely has any meat. Their special plates are decent priced like any other places but their portions of meat is seriously lackin"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mindy N.', '5', "Beautiful setting and awesome atmosphere Yummy food with amazing portion (I'm a pig so this place did its job) Good price Fast service even though it was slightly crowded Bottom line: it was pretty freaking awesome so go there."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Pearl V.', '4', "SHOCKER ALERT: Nem nuong cuon appetizer came out BEFORE our entrees! What the! Am I in the Twilight Zone? Seriously, this is the first time in my 20 something [ahem] years that I've experienced this phenomenon at a Vietnamese restaurant. LOL Other than that, the food was your average com tam and noodle bowls. I think they're more known for the nem nuong spring rolls here that are very, very similar to the ones in SoCal."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'David K.', '2', 'Every week I get the shakes. I needed my Vietnamese com tam fix. Busted open my Android phone and spun up my Yelp app and searched "Vietnamese com tam" and got Thien Huong. I told my buddy to meet me there, /;this place got 4 stars and over 160 reviews man!" Done.  So I\'m chillin waiting for my home boy to show up. He texts, "I just parked." 10 minutes go by. We text each other, "I\'m here, where are you? I\'m here!" My buddy says "Grand Century right?" FAIL.  Turns out there are two Com Tam Thien Huong locations. Total fail on our part, well actually my buddy\'s fault because I texted him the URL to this Senter Road location and he ASSumed it was Grand Century.  Finally he arrives and we are quick to order because we are starving. The smell of Vietnamese food always gets me super hungry. I get the #65 - BBQ chicken, BBQ shrimp, and shrimp cake. The food arrives quick. Looks great! But where is the BBQ shrimp? I move the shrimp cake over, and there is this tiny single piece of shrimp hiding by the rice like it was scarred. Stupid little shrimp! WTF? OK whatever, I\'m hungry and everything smells good and it looks piping hot! I bite into the shrimp cake, it\'s excellent. Flaky crust, moist and delicious shrimp cake underneath with the ngoc mam dripping off it. Next I move over to the chicken... Cold. COLD. Couldn\'t they have microwaved it or something? The contrast between the two dishes made it even more apparent. I\'ve never had two meat parts of the main dish be so different in temperature. And it\'s not like I came in an unusual off-peak hour. It was Saturday at 7pm and there were many customers there.  I\'ll give it a benefit of a doubt that they were a bit off and I\'ll give it another try as an alternative to my usual rice plate spot Com Tam Dat Thanh, but this wasn\'t the most pleasant experience here at Thien Huong. On the positive side, I really liked how friendly the wait staff was. A bit unusual for a Vietnamese restaurant, but certainly welcomed.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Alice W.', '4', "I love the broken rice plates here. It's even better with a fried egg on top. This has to be one of the best places to get it in the bay area. The pho and dry noodles are also not bad. the only thing is that they take CASH ONLY."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ashley T.', '4', "I'm sorry Com Tam Dat Thanh but I've been sneaking around behind your back... Literally.  It's officially my new go to place for com tam thit nuong(broken rice with grilled pork) and bun thit nuong(vermicelli noodles with grilled pork) spot. My boyfriend loves their cha(egg cake) and bi(shredded pork). I always have ordered take out. I haven't actually dined in but service has always been kind for the brief amount of time I'm there."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'M C.', '3', "While this place is clean and has good service, the food could be better. My meat tasted really strange, a bit chemically. I thought the presentation was very pretty, however, the fried shrimp cake didn't stand out to me and looked over fried."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Hk K.', '2', 'We used to love the food here and have been the regular customers for years. I am so disappointed to find out that the quality of food is going down while the price has been increased significantly - at least 30 % higher than last year. Large Pho - Broth is not fresh with funky smell. It doesn\'t taste the same as before. The bowl size is much smaller too. Grilled pork and Egg roll vermicelli - The egg roll turns sour. Tastes horrible. It\'s about turning rancid. Kids meal - Tiny bowl with two small pieces of meat at the top. It costs 5.75 and comes with a can of soda? My eight years old son is still hungry after the meal. It should be renamed to "toddler meal". My family left that place with uneasy and half empty stomach.  I\'m sorry to report that I\'m going to cross this place off from my go-to list. I understand there may be the needs to raise the price. However, it\'s crucial that you maintain the same quality of food if not better.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lisa N.', '4', 'I love coming here with my family on rice plates.  I always ordered korean BBQ beef.   Good interior design, clean, and nice. Only if they gave me better amount of BBQ beef, I would give 5 stars.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lien T.', '3', "I didn't know Com Tam Thien Huong had two locations. I think I like the one located in Grand Century Mall better. It's newer and for some reason the food is better. It tastes better and it's presented better. Com tam is basically a Vietnamese dish, that translates into 'broken rice plates.' It's a dish that comes with rice and a variety of side items, that range from shrimp to beef--you get to choose whichever items you want. My favorite is always the thit nuong, which is grilled pork. I think they pound slices of pork and then mush it all together, onto a skewer, so it comes out sort of sausage shaped. It's always so tender and delicious. The other items that I choose varies with my mood. Sometimes I'll get grilled chicken and other times, I'll get shrimp wrapped with bean curd. Depending on how hungry I am, I'll also get the nem nuong appetizer, which is a type of spring roll. The restaurant is pretty spacious and prices are low. The waiters and waitresses are polite and customer service is impersonal. I can say I gave this location a try; however, I will continue to frequent the other location."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kristin P.', '4', "This is the first branch I tried, regardless of the really crowded area it is pretty neat inside. This place seats a good amount of people. Good for Sunday lunch or dinner with family. I always get their short ribs with the grilled shrimp and it's pretty consistent. Although there was one time where it had a sunny side up egg on my rice? They might've just misunderstood. Which brings me to my next point, theres a language barrier sometimes but the fact that they're still nice and not dismissive about what you want after struggling with trying to understand me makes up for it. Flavor has always been consistent and I love how much I get for how much I pay! I take everyone here haha."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Stephanie L.', '3', "I came to Com Tam Thien Huong because everyone seems to be comparing the broken rice here to that of Com Tam Dat Thanh AND apparently they have Nem Nuong Cuon that's apparently as good as Brodards in Santa Ana. After trying the place out, I've concluded: 1. It's not as good as Com Tam Dat Thanh..The broken rice isn't terrible but, to be honest, I felt that the flavor and portion sizes were far superior at Dat Thanh. It's alright for broken rice don't get me wrong but, with Dat Thanh down the street, I think the choice is obvious once I'm in the area. 2. Anyone that says this place serves Nem Nuong Cuon that is just as good as Brodards have not been to Brodards OR needs to re-evaluate their taste buds. It's not the same. It's no where near the same. It's again, decent like the broken rice but, I would never even make that comparison to Brodards. The rolls, have too much lettuce. So much lettuce that you couldn't even taste the nem nuong. It just tasted like a veggie roll. I personally am not all that impressed but, obviously Santa Anta isn't necessarily right next door to San Jose so, I guess it'll do. This place didn't totally win me over but, it wasn't terrible either. Just not memorable."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Cuong T.', '5', "When I crave for Com Tam, I only go here. They have the best meat that are marinated to perfection!  I've eaten at all the Com Tam restaurants in San Jose and this spot is my #1 choice hands down. I usually get their Com Tam Ga Nuoi (Grilled BBQ Chicken over rice).  Dericious everytime.  My mum usually get the Korean short ribs over rice. Which is also tasty."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'James N.', '4', 'I first tried this place with my mother about 4 years ago. My first thought of it was, "wow, this ain\'t bad... not bad..." I came back here again with my lovely girlfriend a week ago and I was quite fluttered as to why I haven\'t been coming back here for food. It was absolutely amazing. For the prices, you get great Com Tam with a really generous portion. My favorite is the Suon Bo (BBQ Beef). Jam packed with flavor, what\'s not to like!? My favorite Com Tam house is down the road from here and I wouldn\'t have any trouble picking which one I was feeling hungry for, they\'re both that good! Good job Thien Huong. 4 Stars! A major plus for me is that THEY ACCEPT CARDS! ZOMG!!!!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Helen H.', '4', 'Pretty tasty com tam. I like how the meat is marinated. However, be prepared for food coma afterwards!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'A C.', '5', 'this is my go to rice joint close by my place and pretty damn good 5 stars']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'cindy T.', '5', 'This place is really good with reasonable price.  I always order Com tam bi thit nuong dau hu ky and also the nem nuong rolls (just like Brodard).  This is our place to have dinner when I get lazy cooking.  They will accommodate as many as 10 party.  Service is pretty quick.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Shel N.', '3', 'My mom raves about this place, so we had to check it out.  I had the rice plate with pork chops, egg cake, and shredded pork skin.  The pork chops and egg cake was good, not overly marinated or salty. Shredded pork skin for the most part was not spoiled and it tasted great (somehow my boyfriend had spoiled shredded pork skin before but not at this particular place).  I think I can get full off of eating just the egg cake and the shredded pork skin itself but the size of the plate is okay, not huge.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Connie C.', '4', "Conveniently located in a plaza with Thanhson Tofu and easy to make a quick trip to eat and pick up food! Love their com tam here! There's such a variety of options to choose from and most range between $9-$14. The plates are huge, and enough for two meals. I usually opt for the rice plate with egg cake, shrimp cake, and shredded pork. Comes with a side of soup and costs roughly $10. The service is quick and enough seating for many on both sides of the restaurants."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Le H.', '1', 'I am never returning to this place, my family\'s experience told me the food here, beef was less salty, was better than the Com Tam Thien Huong at the Grand Century Mall. I\'ve never been at this location. Last year, a janitor or table cleaner called my mother or my family, "ngi"(stupid). We just stepped in, a foot, and the janitor called us, stupid customers, then my family had a conversation fight with him, then the cashier defending him. I heard he called us stupid because we had dumb kids. My family decided to leave immediately after the conversation with the old man. Geez, he haves problems with, too many kids. There were only 3.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Andrew O.', '5', "I like this place so much I come here at least 3 times a week.  I ordered the #57 (BBQ Pork rice plate). Comes with salad + broken rice + soup  The portions were satisfying, and I am always full after eating. The broken rice here must be a staple. I wouldn't be surprised if people come here just for the rice, no joke.  The service here is prompt and the servers are attentive.  The place accepts cash + credit card! The vermicelli bowl is the best I've had here as well. I highly recommend this place. The reason why I give this 5 stars is because personally for me, they have the best rice, and best BBQ Pork that I've ever had."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tai V.', '5', 'Best place for Vietnamese style broken rice (Com Tam) in entire Bay Area! This is my go-to place in San Jose for my crave of Vietnamese style BBQ Pork Chop & Broken rice.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mike G.', '4', 'I came here for lunch on a Sunday, Grilled pork and fried shrimp on sugar cane. The grill pork is delicious, but the friend shrimp is cold. Still, I enjoyed my lunch, great place for some Vietnamese dishes.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lyn L.', '5', "I came here for the first time over the weekend with some friends after a morning bike ride. This place is located in a strip mall with literally one long strip of parking. For being in such a weird location, this restaurant is very upscale for a Vietnamese restaurant and their prices reflect that. But if you like broken rice, this is definitely the place to try. The place was packed by the time we got there around 1:30 pm or so. We had to put our names on a waiting list, but we were able to get a table fairly quickly. We started off with an order of their pork spring rolls. Now these are some spring rolls! They put pieces of shredded wonton skins in their spring rolls for added crunch and there were plenty of veggies in the spring rolls. I decided to go all out and order the broken rice combination #67 plate ($11+), which included bbq pork, shredded pork, egg cake, sugar cane chicken and fried shrimp cake. If you have a big appetite, then this is the plate for you. I was only able to finish about half the rice on my plate. Their bbq pork was the best I've had with a broken rice dish and the outside of the shrimp cake was nice and crunchy. The food was good as well as the service. I would definitely recommend this place."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jenn N.', '4', "This place has become one of my faaavorites -- sorry Com Tam Dat Thanh, I still like you... But this place is CLEANER, a little cheaper, and maybe even tastier. They're also really consistent with their food. I'm a huge Korean BBQ fan so I always order that and at other restaurants, there are some days when they'll give me a lot of meat and some days where I barely get one piece. However here, the portion size is always big and their marinade is yummy. I like their Korean BBQ, egg cake, BBQ chicken, and egg noodle soup. Everything is pretty good here and service is quick and friendly. It's also a plus that they take card! Whoo!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'M V.', '3', 'CLOSED WEDNESDAY  Food is pretty good.  They are known for their Com Tam (Broken Rice) dishes.  I ALWAYS get a fried egg on the side.  However, lately their porkshop portioning is really small. They are cut much thinner than they used too. Hence the reasoning for the knock down of stars.  Another mark is knocked off because ever since their 2nd store opened on Capital Expressway, the food quality has gone done a lot. Usually when opening a new restaurant, the chef goes to the new location to build the clientele.  But nonetheless, it is close to home and satisfies the need for a good broken rice dish.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'DJ E.', '4', "This is the place me and my co-workers go for pho and com tam plates.  So many options for com tam plates, you can even custom order what you want on your plate. I especially liked their pickled sides and lettuce on my plate - it's a complete meal. The pho broth is outstanding and together with the side herbs/sprouts you have a wonderful aromatic bowl of pho. The place is clean and food comes out fast."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Danster L.', '3', "So I did something crazy, instead of going to Com Tam Dat Thanh on Tully Road for my broken rice (com tam) fix, I decided to go to a new restaurant which opened a few months or a year ago I believe. It's in the Senter Food plaza near Lewis road. The place looks really nice inside. It's been the sight of many failed food establishments such as a baguette sandwich shop to a pho restaurant and now a broken rice specialty restaurant. I ordered the broken rice with egg pie cake, shredded pork, and grilled pork.  I waited a couple a minutes and when my dish finally came out...the look on my face was priceless I tell you! I saw 2, two, I count them TWO small pieces of grilled pork and that's it! I was literally disappointed and felt ripped off. More then 60% of the box was filled with steamed rice while I was wondering, where's the meat? The service was nice but if I am paying 8 bucks, I don't expect 2 small pieces of grilled pork. I can go pay 9 bucks at Vung Tau restaurant for grilled pork and broken rice and get 7-10 juicy big juicy slices of grilled pork and be satisfied. I do have to say their nem nuong cuon, pork patty spring rolls are good and is similar to Brodard Vietnamese restaurant in Garden Grove. I will come back for their rolls and com tam once things are a bit in order."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'DN T.', '5', 'I have been going here since I discovered it about 4 years ago!  The com tam plates are delicious.  Usually I get one of the special plates with a little bit of everything on it.  Also, I love the spring rolls esp the nem nuong ones.  It gets crazy packed here during peak times almost every day of the week that I have been there not just the weekends.  There are several locations but this one in Grand Century is the best.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Quyenna T.', '5', 'Best Com Tam joint in SJ! They have another one inside Grand Century mall as well. Both are delicious. Everyone needs to eat their nem nuong cuong as an appetizer. Best way to start off your meal. (=']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nicole S.', '5', 'My new favorite restaurant to get broken rice!!! Broken rice w/ BBQ chicken & fried shrimp cake ( ) - Delicious! Chicken was cooked perfectly. The fried shrimp cake was nice and crispy, but not downing in oil.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Navy C.', '5', "This place is as close as I can get to having Brodards in So. Cal.  Their springrolls are amazing, and they also have that eggroll leftover crunch in them that I loooooove so much. But what good is a springroll without its sauce?  Let me tell you. If you haven't had Brodards sauce before this is really close to it.  It's life changing.  Thinking about it makes me wanna go back here. lol I also tried their com tam here too, that had everything on it (shredded pork, grilled porkchop, and that egg cake thing) ALL fulfilled my expectations and cravings.  Thanks, Com Tam Thien Huong!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Alison W.', '4', "Was in the mood for broken rice, so we searched on yelp and this place came up. Seemed like a pretty popular place with all the reviews and I was expecting a wait when we arrived but we were seated promptly. The place was pretty full though but turnover must be quick. They came around right away to take our order and we said we needed a few more minutes. So then it took quite awhile to flag the waiter down again when we were ready. I really only saw one guy taking orders. There were different people bringing out food but they scurried back to the kitchen pretty quickly. Anyways I got the broken rice plate with beef ribs and shrimp on sugar cane. I had not seen shrimp on a sugar cane before so I was intrigued. It's pretty simple though as it's just shrimp paste wrapped around a piece of sugar cane. The shrimp was a little sweet and you can suck the sugar cane afterwards. The beef ribs were tender and seasoned really well. Haha. And the rice was cooked well. Also came with some raw veggies and soup. I was pretty hungry after working under the hot sun all morning so I ate more three quarters of it easily. It was too little to pack the rest of it home so I just stuffed the rest of it in my belly. Haha. It was delicious but also about $10 for the plate. Not sure I'll ever get used to the high prices of the bay area. My friend ended up with a vermicelli bowl with pork and an egg roll. She really liked hers too. Paid at the counter with our table number. The single bathroom was decent. Plenty of parking within the strip mall."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Vivian N.', '4', "This is my go to when I'm in the mood for broken rice! It may be a bit pricey compared to other broken rice restaurants; however, the meat and their dishes are flavorful and tender. Other dishes such as their hu tieu mi are good as well. The only thing I don't really like about this location is the service."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'D Bo P.', '4', "This place is bomb!!!!!! The food is is fresh an full of Vietnamese flavor.. The grill pork is marinated perfectly. The shredded pork is nicely thin and the sugar cane shrimp reminds me if my childhood in Saigon. This is my second time here and I am pleased again!!! Uhhhhh so full can't write review.."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Hy H.', '3', 'Delicious com tam for lunch. They should give more meat on the plate. They open early for breakfast too.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Norris T.', '4', "They make a mean rice plate here. It's out of the way and it can get really crowded especially if the weather is nice but I would still recommend coming here for great Vietnamese food. They make shakes too and I can vouch for the soursop and avocado shakes until I make it back for the others."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'van t.', '4', "Everytime I'm craving for broken rice thien houng the place to go the only downfall is they close on Wednesday boooo. I usually get the grill chicken, tofu that wrap with shrimp. The portion just right not too little n not too much. The meat is seasoning perfectly. My mom even complement this place and she a food sob since she cook so well too. The grill pork spring n the dipping sauce is pretty good to."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Chau V.', '4', 'For those of you who love Com Tam (Vietnamese broken rice), you will not be disappointed. Perfectly cooked broken rice and the rest on whatever you order is also flavorful.  Service is okay. They take credit cards, something that I rarely see in a Vietnamese restaurant.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'T. T.', '1', "We ordered food to-go yesterday and came home to a huge disappointment.  This place is CHEAP/STINGY with their meat.  Our to-go box was filled with ample rice and enough Korean BBQ meat to give a grown man ONE and a HALF BITE!  Unless you're using Kobe beef, quit being so stingy with your meat portion.  You guys disgust me!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mai K.', '4', "Broken rice (Com tam) with the assorted meats? Yes please. Someone took me here saying that it was a great place for broken rice dishes so I decided to try it. I didn't regret it. I believe I got the broken rice dish with pork chop, shredded pork skin (Bi), with some type of fish. The Nuoc Mam is a bit on the saltier side so do not add generous helpings like I sometimes do. Oops. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and I'm told that there are 3 of these restaurants around the area. This one being less busy so the wait isn't quite as long."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Joann T.', '2', 'When you enter the plaza to this little restaurant, you are going to wonder why you committed yourself to eating here. The parking spaces are SMALL, and the traffic SUCKS.  You might get lucky; you might not. After parking, you enter this restaurant, thinking "I\'ve overcome the beast." But it seems as if Lady Luck is not on your side. The place is crowded, and it takes about 20 minutes to be seated. Once seated, no one comes to service you. After calling waiters not once, but twice, STILL, no one services you. Fed up, you go to the paying desk to complain about not being serviced, and that person reassures you that you will be serviced soon.  After fighting for a waiter\'s attention, your order is taken, and the food arrives. By this time, you do not want to enjoy the food anymore. You just want to finish it and GET OUT.  For the record, the first time I went here to eat, it was not as bad, and the experience was relatively okay. The second time was disastrous, as described above. So I\'m going to give it two stars.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Trang T.', '5', "I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place! This is my go to restaurant for Com Tam, wayyyy better than Dat Thanh. Love their Korean BBQ short ribs with Tau Hu Ky! You can add an extra egg to any dish. Their soup broth tastes so much better and actually has flavor. They do serve other foods on their menu as well such as Pho and Vietnamese appetizers.  Location is easy to find although parking is kinda sketch.  I dont know about you but I don't trust Asian drivers maneuvering in a cramped small cramped spots like that.  Customer service is alright, but then again it is an Asian restaurant so my expectations are low. Sometimes it gets busy but they do get tables turned around quickly to get you seated. They do accept credit cards which is a HUGE plus, mainly cuz i hate the inconvenience of having to go get cash whenever i want to eat Asian food."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mariam G.', '4', "This place is soo yummy...Just not they're closed Wednesday's. Always come here for lunch with my co-worker."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Monica N.', '4', "If you want good rice plates, this is the place to be! If you're craving for pho and bun, then try another place because there aren't many options for those.  We were debating whether to go to the Bun Bo Hue restaurant next door or this place and we decided on this place. We came here on a saturday night and it was very busy but we didn't have to wait at all for our table. I ordered grilled chicken com tam, which was delish! The portion is huge for one person, at least for me.  The staff was nice and friendly, service was great for a Viet restaurant. When we were done eating, while waiting near the entrance for my hubby who was in line for the bathroom, we pretended to greet customers and showed them to their tables, LOL. The staff thought it was funny and we all had a good laugh. A restaurant with good food and staff with a sense of humor, my kind of place!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Phuong T.', '1', "Bad habits from cashier. I'm not happy about that. Please tell her what to say and improve behavior"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dingwei W.', '4', 'very good restaurant. I always order the rice plate combination. it is really worth the price. will be back in the future.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Darren T.', '3', "Not bad. came here for com tam, and that's what i got.  a good plate of com tam. Nothing about this place blew me away.  Food was tasty, but nothing special.  servers speak english, which was a plus for a couple of my friends.  Water smelled like plastic, not too cool, especially since i've been drinking that whole weekend. Other than that.  it was good.  i got the pork chop with shredded pork and tofu/shrimp cake.  Everything was decent, but nothing stood out to me.  The shredded pork could've used more of that nutty flavor from grinding up the rice."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Thuyvi M.', '3', 'Usually we hit up Com Tam Dat Thanh but my mom was raving about this place so we decided to give it a try. IMO it wasnt all that and I probably wouldnt return here for rice plate. Com Tam Dat Thanh is still my spot. The food here was bland and I think there was too much msg in it cuz I got sick afterwards. The only thing I must say that was good was the grilled pork chop. Other than that the soup, cha, and bi was bland and no wow factor.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Janet P.', '5', 'Went here yesterday for lunch.  I recommend getting their nem nuong cuon (grilled pork patties spring rolls).  I love their authentic sauce!! Stop by Long Phung afterward (two stores down) for some delicious egg rolls!!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'ID X.', '2', "I used to LOVE this place to bits ! But omg the food quality has gone downhill. Everytime I go, the rice is always OLD and DRY! It's like I'm eating rice of the dead. Seriously! Has anyone else experience this?  The owner guy is a pedo. Beware girls! He hella checks out girls butts and shit."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Vu P.', '4', 'I hate to admit this but this is my new pho/com tam place. My old pho place just cant compare anymore. This is my new default place to eat when i cant decide where to eat. They have a large variety of food and they execute them all well. Not the best... but well. Their com tam is nicely portioned and the meat isnt burned to hell or dry as our california weather. The Pho come with a lot of meat and the broth is really good. Really clean place and the staff is as bad as most Vietnamese restaurants']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kenneth L.', '4', "Keeping this short because I'm currently eating.  One of the better local Vietnamese restaurants located around my area. Com tam here: amazing. Portions are big enough to get you pull but trust me, you don't want to be full. You'll just want more and more and more. The soup that comes as a side is very delicious too but kind of a lot of MSG. Not that it matters or anything :P"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Annie N.', '4', "Best Com Tam in the USA!!!! But, be careful when paying when they nearly close. They don't give a receipt. Should ask for it to check."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kevin T.', '4', "Spacious and clean restaurant. Located with a lot of other Vietnamese stores. I highly recommend you order the Nem Nuong Cuon! 2 for $3.50. Basically a spring roll. It's a little small, but 4 of these rolls will definitely be pretty filling. It also comes with this tasty sauce. If you've never had Nem Nuong before, you definitely need to give it a try! The rice plates here are great as well. All around $8 each. I recommend going to this restaurant!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Chau N.', '3', "Quick to be seated quick to have our order taken quick for food to come out for a slightly busy Monday afternoon. Very flavorful food. Tasty com ga dui and tasty pho #2 which is oxtail with other meat. Only problem is that the pho came out somewhat hot. I can't appreciate a bowl of pho that feels like it sat for 15 mins before being served."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tina B.', '5', 'Yay! The food and service here is so good. To save time, we call in our order. I think the prices here are higher than other locations, but the portions justify it. My husband and I are able to share their bigger size entrees.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Cara N.', '4', 'Pretty good vietnamese spot. I had the BBQ pork with shrimp over rice, and i loved their rice because it was the little broken down rice and it was cooked perfectly. What I really really liked was actually the rice that came with the Hoi Nam Chicken. They served it with some kind of gingered rice with garlic which was delicious. This is good spot for BBQ meats and other authentic Vietnamese food.  I think you have to walk up to the counter to pay, rather than asking for a check. But I could be wrong ...']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Henry T.', '5', 'Got to try.  Asian food.  I think Vietnamese. Great foods.  Small rice disk and a lot of different things to eat..crunchy and tasty.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Johnny T.', '4', 'This place is the "cursed" spot in the Senter Food Plaza. No business has ever lasted in that spot for more than 2 years. Within the last 15 years, I swear there has been about 8 different restaurants there in that one spot. But this new spot might actually stick around. The rice plates are the main things here. I ordered a plate with BBQ chicken, fried shrimp cake and eggs over easy. The chicken was very flavorful and juicy. The shrimp cake had a perfect crisp and was tastey. The fried pork skin bits were crispy as they should be. I was a bit surprised. Com Tam places are usually a hit or miss. Most being just mediocre. Only a couple places have stood over over the last decade being Com Tam Dat Thanh and Com Tam Thanh. This one might just eventually land a spot and be the Top 3. Usually I don\'t get chicken com tam. I just felt like some extra protein for the day. I usually enjoy the pork chops a lot much more. So next time, it\'ll be the pork chops! My friend tried the Pho and didn\'t really enjoy it because the noodles were too hard. I tried the soup and it tasted pretty good. It has its own distinct flavor. Maybe just ask for softer noodles. Maybe they can double boil it. Everything\'s under $10 bucks so you will definitely get your moneys worth.  Happy Grubbing!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jancarlo A.', '4', "Great phô! Went in for the first time a few days ago and will DEFINITELY return! Great price, great service, there's AIR CONDITIONING, and taste, wow."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Francesca B.', '3', 'I prefer to get the bun thit nuong over any of the broken rice dishes because their food portions are so small. Plus, when you order any of the bun dishes you get more bang for your buck. If you like eating broken rice, head over to Com Dat Thanh they have bigger food portions.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Isaac L.', '4', 'So far so good - been here a few time for take away and the pho plus ingredients were on point.  Not too salty - spend some good time make sure the broth was properly layered and flavorful. Definitely coming back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Allister D.', '5', "Hands down, their spring rolls top it all right now. I love the tightly packed  roll with all the veggies, crunchy sausage, and fresh chives on the end. It's a masterpiece all in one spring roll. The size is even big here! At $3.50 for 2; it is well worth it my friend. Even the dipping peanut sauce with crushed garlic is great! It's not spicy nor is it sweet. You have to just come here and grub it all. I also ordered the #7, which has tiny grain rice, off the grill pork chop (wish the cuts were bigger...), crispy fried egg cake, and shrimp rolled into a sugarcane. It was fantastic. Everything on my plate was just perfect. I can't say anything else, you have to just come through and try this place out!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jamie C.', '5', "3 words. NEM NUONG CUON. That's all I need to say...."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Louie P.', '1', "The used old lettuce that had already spoiled in my spring rolls it was horrible! She was so rude to me just because I didn't order an entree. But I wasn't hungry I had already eaten when my bf wanted to eat. I didn't wNt to just sit there so I ordered a spring roll. Geez thanks for crap girl I'll never be back!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Holly V.', '4', 'i think this location tastes way better than all the other ones.  but remember.. when you order, dont get over your head and thinking you can finish everything you order cause i usually order the special with the grilled chicken and with my kids and i, WE can never finish it. its really filling.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jeff H.', '4', 'I really dig this place but apparently i like coming here on monday because it seems like they are always closed when i want a good lunch close to work.  The bun bo whey (yeah, i know i hacked the name) is really good and full of all sorts of odd looking meats. I dont even want to ask what im eating, but it is yummy and i keep ordering it.  Their location gets packed at noon, so come early or late.  And drive a shitty car, or walk here from somewhere else so you dont have to worry about the awesome local drivers.  And when i say "awesome" i really mean "scary".  But what do i care, i drive an \'83 K5 blazer that has more dented metal than straight metal. Think a little honda door ding scares me? HAH! My fender owned you bitch!!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Miss Bonnie B.', '4', "We came her by chance... since the other two usual SSJ spots we frequent are closed on Tuesdays. That being said, this place totally hit the spot.  PLUS, they accept credit cards... what a bonus for a Vietnamese joint.   We'll be back."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'T. C.', '4', 'Price hike, but the com tam here is good and filling.  Definitely my top or second choice when I have a craving for com tam.  Today I had the bi with eggs and shrimp on a sugar cane.  Wonderful Meal...!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ricky N.', '5', "Don't steer yourself wrong. When you're craving a good, hearty Vietnamese Rice Plate... COME HERE! The Com Tam is so on point my taste buds can back me up all the way. We ordered the Com Tam Thit Nuong with the egg patty and I had the biggest foodgasm the world has ever seen. It did take a while for the food to come out, I was about to hop out of my seat to offer them a hand in the kitchen... but it was all worth the wait and more. I feen for this place everythime I think of San Jose and I demand it when I am in San Jose. My grandpa is actually the one who took me here and OG's know best!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lisa N.', '3', "The food here is good. Com Tam Thit Nuong, but the thing is they are very stingy with the amount of meat they give you on your plate. You're getting ripped off. Other places fill your plate with thit nuong and then you come here to pay a little bit more for less thit nuong? No, I dont think so. The three stars is because their meat does taste good. When ordering togo they don't give you extra soup either."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Herbert K.', '4', 'The pho was pretty good. The cuts of meat were tasty, tender. The only drawback is the napkins there were flimsy. Had a large pile of used napkins - just to wipe up some spillage here & there. Please invest in some thicker napkins, please.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Thuong D.', '5', "somewhere along the line of my childhood and adolescence, I've misplaced my love for com tam. since then I've been searching near and far for it and all seemed lost until one fateful day. the most amazing person in my life (my mom) suggested we try out Com Tam Thien Huong. jumping at the chance to please her, i happily oblige.  i ordered:  korean BBQ, egg omelette, shredded pork, and tau hu ky. everything had its own flavor, but at the same time mixed very well together. it had all hit me at once and before i knew it, i found myself ordering seconds for later that night. talk about planning for the future. a little history lesson: throughout the years this place has changed management relentlessly. from Pho restaurants to family style diners, all suffered from the curse of failed business attempts past. but just when you thought nothing can survive this plague, CTTH shows up and makes a statement. hopefully this eatery is here to stay. turns out mother does know best."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Andrew D.', '3', "The parking lot at this place is so cramped and narrow that's not even funny. Good luck if you have an SUV... The food is pretty tasty because of the massive amount of oil..  and possibly MSG? I ordered the Com Tam Bi Cha Thit Nuong (broken rice with shredded and grilled pork with egg) and it came out less than 5 minutes. The grilled pork was tender and topped with cut up green onions and greasy oil. The shredded pork was tasty and not too chewy like other places. The broken rice was average and so was the egg. Overall, a decent place to get a quick lunch if you are feining for some Vietnamese rice plates."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tony P.', '4', 'Decent price for com tam compared to other places in San Jose. Food is great and especially the service.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kathy D.', '4', '2 Bathrooms - Clean Restaurant space - Clean and plenty of seats/tables, Located in a plaza with plenty of parking Service - Fast  Menu- you can get pretty overwhelmed by their rice plate selections... It is literally all the same but with different words added to it or deleted...  want chicken? beef? korean bbq? egg? tofu? sausage? Whatever you want.. Just order it word by word what you want... but in vietnamese.. it sounds like a tongue twister! " I want a broken rice plate with... yaddi yaddi yadda. " I came here for early lunch this morning with my family.  I ordered the Com Tam Bi Suon Dai Han - broken rice with shredded pork and korean bbq short ribs... and whenever i eat this vietnamese specialty dish.. i always have to add 2 sunny side up eggs on the side. How i eat it... I mix up my shredded pork with the rice and put my eggs on top of it. Then i cut mix the eggs up in it also.  I love having that egg yolk drip down the rice... I just love eggs in general. what can i say :) Last but not least... LOTS OF FISH SAUCE dabbed all over what i just created... and what do you get.... delicious combination of flavors! Only bad part is.. I don\'t get why they always give you so much rice.. I had to like cut my portion in half to make the right proportion of meat that they give you or else you\'ll just feel like your stuffing yourself with rice only!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Joanne C.', '5', 'This is the new "it" place for vietnamese broken rice plates (com tam).  The place is surprisingly well decorated for a Vietnamese restaurant, which is a nice site to see when eating. This factor definitely alters my decision when deciding on where to eat.  The food here is great! I always enjoy eating their grilled pork (thit nuong), shrimp wrap (tau hu ky) rice plate. That shrimp wrap is probably the best topping thing on their menu. You can choose from a variety of "toppings" you\'d like to have your rice with. Even if the combination you want isn\'t on the menu, you can still ask for it and they can make it for you.  The service is quick and very nice as well. Depending on when you go, sometimes they have a younger crowd working and other times you\'ll get older people. They give the same service either way. The only negative thing I can think of about this restaurant is that their tables are kinda small.. only because the sauce tray,chopstick holder, silverware holder, and napkin holder take up a fat load of space on the table.. so if you come with 4, you probably want to sit in a table that fits 6.. and 2 people in a table for 4..  Oh, and also.. the water tastes like shit.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'May O.', '4', 'My brother and his family were visiting from Japan and they really wanted Vietnamese food, more specifically, Pho.   They said there are no Vietnamese restaurants in Japan.   Since this is one of the closest place near me, and they supposedly serve the best nem nuong in town, we came here.     Most everyone ordered pho and I ordered the clear noodle seafood soup.   We also ordered nem nuong and fried eggrolls.   The soups were great, and even though they forgot our rolls, I had to remind them, they were fantastic. I was recently introduced to nem nuong and I was hooked.   I could not wait to try this here.  They did not disappoint.   The sauce that came with it was different from any other place.  It was a bit sweet, but went well with the rolls.   We also loved the fried egg rolls as well. My brother and his wife loved everything.   I am sure we will be back before they return home.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'David K.', '4', 'MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!!! 4 1/2 stars!!! After my long search for the Pork Spring Rolls (Nem Nuong Cuon) of asking my Vietnamese friends who said that was only a So Cal thing, or there are places but they just arent that good. I searched through yelp (no help) finally just googled it! and I came upon a yahoo local page that said Com Tam Thien Huong, specialized in Nem Nuong Cuon! woo hoo! I couldnt wait any longer so I asked my gf today to come along with me and and get some rice plates so I can try the Pork Spring Rolls. We arrived, it was pretty spacious, pretty empty too, but we didnt mind. We got seated and they place was actually pretty clean and it was decorated too inside, not just plain walls or anything. So i opened the menu and saw the rolls listed!!! WOO HOO!!! The server was actually friendly and explained what things were, like must Vietnamese restaurants, u get really bad servers. So I ordered just two rolls to taste them and got a broken rice plate. I was also impressed cause the rolls came out before our MEAL! Many many many Vietnamese restaurants I go to never do this, i dont think they understand the whole appetizer comes out before the meal hahaha.  The sauce is even duplicated like Brodards, not as good but similar, the roll was pretty good though, the pork sausage with the crispy egg roll thing and the lettuce. YUM! Bbq Pork with Broken Rice, egg loaf, shredded pork and veggies on the side. And soup on the side too. Man I have to admit the food was actually really good the meat wasnt all dried out, it was tasty, a little sweet and charbroiled flavor. The shredded pork on top of my rice with fish sauce drizzled over is AWESOME! They also give you soup, which was light tasting, i dunno but is it just the soup from chicken pho? Anyways, overall I was super freaking stuffed, i cleaned up my plate haha! Our bill came out to about 22 bucks (bring CASH), which in my opinion isnt bad (2 rice plates, 2 rolls and Mango shake . Cause i think nowadays most rice plates are like 10 bucks we got ours for like 7 or 8. Definitely will go back again even though it is a bit of a drive for me. And another note, my gf really doesnt like Vietnamese food but she actually liked the place she gave it a 4 stars also!!! I wonder if this place even gets busy? Cause I wouldnt want it to go out of business.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Johnny C.', '5', "Even though this place is known for Com Tam, I came here and ordered the Pho Dac Biet and it was much better than any Pho I've had when I was back in SoCal and Seattle, fresh flat noodles and plenty of meat, the style I think is a cross between Southern and Northern cooking. A bit pricey but recommeded."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ross C.', '4', "I recommend getting their egg cake on the side. Ever since they started using their  thicker rice noodle for pho, we've been coming back quite frequently. Who knew that the thicker rice noodle would taste better than the thin rice noodle for pho?"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ai-Lien L.', '4', 'This is definitely my spot! I used to frequent Com Tam Dat Thanh before but I got tired of their parking lot (getting "love tapped", door dinged, people parking too close, etc.). This parking lot is a bit easier and roomier. We always order the nem nuong rolls, and lament that while they are tasty, they are nothing like Brodard\'s in SoCal. Sigh. I love their rice plates here, and boyfriend loves their hu tieu. I wouldn\'t recommend the pho here. It just isn\'t their specialty (I mean, look at the restaurant name! Clearly the focus is com tam). I usually order my rice plate with a sunny side up egg over my rice, which is an extra cost but worth it.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kimberly F.', '4', "I'm going to bump this review up to 4 stars because I've finally tried one of their rice plates (their specialty) and it was really good! I'll definitely make it a point to stop here if I'm in SJ. Their portions are plentiful, service was pretty quick and it was inexpensive :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Aniko N.', '2', 'I came here for there nem nuong and its nothing to go WOW. They are kinda cheap with the amount of meat they give you in each roll. I prefer the one in Sacramento better.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Shop G.', '5', "The best com tam place in town. They are doing so well they opened multiple new locations. You won't be disappointed."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Patricia L.', '4', 'I am always in search of a place that serves nem nuong cuon as delicious as the ones at Brodard in SoCal. I found out that there was a place in San Jose that had something similar, same dipping sauce and everything! So I had to give it a try.  The restaurant is easy to find because they have bright neon lights that outline the windows and draw your attention to the restaurant. The restaurant is located in a sketchy Vietnamese strip mall with shitty parking, but the inside of the restaurant is clean and modern. Not typical of Vietnamese restaurants at all. We ordered the nem nuong cuon as an appetizer and I also ordered the hu tieu (with clear noodles and seafood, soup on the side) as my entrée. The nem nuong cuon was good. Love the fried eggroll skin in the middle that gives it a nice crunch and the sauce makes the spring rolls even more delicious. The hu tieu was also pretty good. The sauce for the noodles could have used more flavor though.  Will definitely be back to try the com tam with tau hu ky (rice plate with shrimp wrapped in bean curd skin) because it seemed like most people in the restaurant were eating that.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Janet Z.', '5', 'The best rice plates I have ever tasted in my life. The chicken was seasoned and cooked to perfection!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Norman P.', '2', "The Tau Hu Ky and Cha were cold. The rice was really mushy, like they put way too much water in when they cooked it. Didn't really enjoy it much. In comparison to its two main competitors, it just doesnt match up: I've experienced better."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Judy P.', '4', 'If you order the more expensive broken rice dish that includes all the additional extra items then the dish would be more than plenty to split between two people since the dish is huge!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Karen H.', '4', 'Ordered to go. The Nem Nuong Cuon is very similar to Brodards. Good enough for me, but of course I still prefer Broadards.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lendle N.', '5', "I'm gonna say it... Better then dat thanh! Lol smaller portions but it tastes a lot better. Their meat doesn't have a lot of fat and they have more choices. I get pho from there too and it's really good. Always get a sunny side up egg if you go. Best decision of your"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Danny K.', '4', "There's plenty of Vietnamese restaurants in East Side San Jose (I think it's safe to say there are several, if not more, on every block) so don't limit yourself to you just one or two spots.   Com Tam Thien Huong has a couple of spots in East Side (the other in the Grand Century Mall).  This one located on Senter is a bit on the older side but still much cleaner then your typical East Side Viet Restaurant.  The Phuo here is OK (definitely plenty of better places elsewhere) but the rice dishes are pretty good.   I like to make my rounds and visit a number of different Viet restaurants in East Side but Com Tam Thien Huong is definitely one of the restaurants in my rotation =)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Binh N.', '5', 'Thien Huong has several locations in the South Bay for good reason. They offer killer com tam in a clean, modern setting. Prices very reasonable for quality of food. Lunch time normally pretty crowded so come early or later to be seated immediately. Their Thit nuong is nicely grilled and has a wonderful flavor. I always get the nem nuong appetizer. Not quite on par with Brodards in GG but tasty nonetheless. Great place to mix in to your Viet restaurant rotation! ;)']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Stephanie L.', '5', "Great Vietnamese food! If you're in the mood for a rice dish, definitely try one of the com tam dishes and don't forget the fried egg on top! I really like getting a little bit of everything, which has rice, shredded pork, fried shrimp cake, pork chops and egg. For appetizer, definitely try some of their spring rolls. The dipping sauce is DELICIOUS! I also heard the Pho and other noodle dishes here are really great as well."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Angelic L.', '3', "TRUE, the food is good, but I don't know if it's worth the drive or parking in that horrible parking lot with the plethora of terrible drivers.  I had the Com Thit Nuong Tau Hu Ky. The shrimp cake was really good, and the portion wasn't too big. I managed to finish the entire dish without a problem. The only issue with this dish is that it left a really greasy residual feeling in my throat, so I was coughing the rest of the day. If I come back, I might just have to get the Nem Nuong Cuon, which isn't bad, and definitely doesn't taste as greasy.  This place tends to get packed, so waiting for a table could potentially be a long process. The service here in general is just plain slow. Our food took way too long to come out, and it didn't even come out at the same time. By the time I was halfway done with my food, my sister and mom had JUST gotten their food. There weren't even enough forks on the table, so we had to flag down another server to bring more out. They even forgot to bring out a soup order... yet another thing we had to ask for. Our waters were NEVER refilled. I don't expect much from a Vietnamese restaurant, but I really think our experience here could have been a better one."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Cathy N.', '4', "This place became one of my favorite vietnamese restaurants. They have such a large selection of different dishes and everything I've tried so far tasted delicious!  But of course I have my favorite usuals - Com Ga Hai Nam and an order of their Nem Nuong for appetizers. Soooooo soooooooooooo gooood! They serve the best Com Ga Hai Nam (steamed chicken rice plate with garlic rice and spicy garlic fish sauce for dipping) and I've tried this dish at many places too. No other restaurant makes the garlic rice as good as here. Extremely flavorful and it complements the steamed chicken perfectly after dipping the meat into their spicy fish sauce. It hits the spot every time.  They have so many other items that I have yet to try. The restaurant is on the larger side for an asian place but sometimes it gets so busy that the waiters take a little long to tend to your needs. You would always have to remind them about your drinks or else they'll definitely forget. But the food comes out pretty quickly - which is a plus! =D"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Viet N.', '5', 'Com Tam here is really good. the flavor of the meat comes explodes in my mouth (no homo) they have bun as well as pho. the Kim Chee here is goood too']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Megan L.', '2', "Not impressed. I really don't understand the big deal about broken rice/com nam. It tastes exactly the same as regular white rice, and is just as inexpensive and bad for you.  The selection is what you would expect for this type of restaurant with plenty of fried meat options, along with some spring rolls and egg rolls. Not being a big meat person or a bit rice person I got spring rolls and with pork and spring rolls with a sausage-type meat in them.  The pork rolls were pretty good; I wasn't impressed with the sausage. The service was perfunctory and not friendly while not rude either.  Restaurant and bathroom cleanliness was adequate."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Gabriel V.', '5', "Delicious BBQ chicken and shrimp. Friendly and prompt service. Only possible downside is parking might be a bit slim on some days in the shopping center in which it's located."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Malyssa C.', '3', "Oh, Com Tam Dat Thanh ... I'm sorry I cheated on you! I came here and kinda felt ripped off. I ordered the BBQ pork with egg cake, shrimp cake, shrimp cooked on sugarcane, and shredded pork. The plate was a little over $10, which is about the same at Dat Thanh. Everything tasted pretty yummy to me.  The thing that really bothered me was that there were only two very thin slices of pork on my plate, covered under a mound of rice. I looked under the rice, hoping for more hidden pork ... but there was nothing ): The amount of meat on my plate was probably equal to half the size of one slice of meat you'd get at other com tam restaurants. Probably won't come back here to order com tam since I feel like the portions weren't very generous. But I will come back to order some nem nuong to-go since they take credit card, unlike most Asian restaurants! Hollaaa!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jessica D.', '3', 'Went here on Christmas Day (hooray for Asian restaurants being open!). It was pretty busy but was seated in about 5 minutes. The server was nice.  Ordered Com Tam obviously with the pork chop, egg thing, fried egg, and shredded pork. And also got the Nem Nuong rolls for appetizer. Pretty good food. Prices were decent. The water was straight from the sink so pass on that. Overall though a pretty okay place to eat!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Becky K.', '5', "This place is legit. Some of the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. And I mean, I've had my fair share of pho, vermicelli and bahn mi over the years. And I still stand by what I said. First thing you need to know is that this place isn't a typical Vietnamese restaurant that pops out food minutes from when you order it. No, they take special care with their items that it actually takes a while (10-15 minutes) before you get your food. These are the things I've had here that I will continue to rave about: 1. Pork chop with rice (it's a whole pork chop with the bone-in). My sister added a sunny-side up egg on top of it. And omg... this pork chop was flavored and grilled to juicy perfection. Add the perfectly-cooked sunny-side up egg and the savory flavor of the fish sauce, and you're in flavor heaven 2. Pho. Their broth is so clean but still flavorful. It may seem underwhelming at first, but only because you may be used to other restaurants with lots of beef flavor. No, this is a clean, simple broth that helps the other items (noodles meat, vegetables) really shine 3. Grilled pork vermicelli with egg roll. Huge portion with tons of vegetables and great fish sauce flavor. To be honest, Pho Nam's fish sauce is still my favorite, but I was certainly not complaining with this wonderful dish 4. Egg rolls. They were okay. Nothing spectacular 5. Soda chanh. I always get this whenever I eat Vietnamese... and let me say, there's something about this place that makes this REALLY good. When I get it at Pho Nam, the ice melts too fast so that the start of the drink is really concentrated, and the the end of the drink is too watered down. But HERE, it's delicious the whole way through. I don't know how they do it. Prices are moderate. This place is ALWAYS a stop when the hubs and I are nearby. He has been a Pho Nam fan for YEARS, and switching loyalties were NOT hard for him when he was introduced to CTTH. I think that's saying something :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jane N.', '4', 'Surprisingly very clean, nice decor and relatively fast service. The food is good and hit the spot!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Cookie M.', '5', "we just come in here for PHO and haven't tried other dishes. place is clean. never had any stomach problem"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'John G.', '2', "I had the seafood Pho and it didn't settle well. I have been sick for four days now."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Yen N.', '4', "This place, you CANNOT go wrong with their com tam suong bo dai hang, the meat's chewy tender texture is peeeeeeeerfect ! must come by again soon!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Phillip L.', '1', "So I waited a while to writ thus review. After my experience at this place, I have not yet thought twice about returning. The food was meh.... Nothing special.  The reason why I am rating it one star is because I found a fly inside my Pho bowl after eating most of it. I can't imagine if I had eaten some flies that I didn't noticed prior.  Nice ambiance but fly in my Pho bowl = 1 star"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lynn H.', '3', "Food - 3 Service - 2 Ambience - 3 Highchair - Yes I ordered the com tam thit nuong with shrimp cake. The portion size was okay for $7.25. The meat was decent enough; not too fatty or dry. The fish sauce was pretty bland though and could have used some heat and flavor to it. The service was not great. A couple tables arrived after us (as in, even after we had placed our order) and were served before us, which was aggravating. I probably wouldn't return here again. I prefer Com Tam Dat Thanh."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Apple F.', '1', 'So I came back here after awhile, thought their customer service would change but I was wrong.  I ordered " nem nuong & broken rice " . Nem nuong was cold n not tasty; broken rice was just okay ; the fish sauce for the rice was wayyy toooo sweet, i thought i was having desert for a min.  Overall this place is just an okay restaurant; i will not come back here.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nadine L.', '4', "There is no doubt that the food is good here.  Two things: 1) Parking - I had to get into my car from the back hatch (I'm 40 w/ a then 5 yr old and a 3 yr old).  The cars on both sides of me couldn't (the parking spots where way too close) leave me enough room to get into my car.  I have a ford flex. This might be out of the restaurants hands but maybe they could pitch the idea to the folks who own the property or parking. 2) Service - Mainly the cashier.  She was not friendly on any of the occasions that we went in to eat. Fix the attitude and that's 4 1/2 stars. Fix all of the above and that's 5 stars :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Diane N.', '3', "This place is good but it is not great! I usually call in beforehand and order to-go when I am in a rush! They give you very little portion so don't be surprise if you are not full at the end of your meal! There are better places in the area...I only come here because it is the closest place to my house. The parking can be difficult as well due to bad drivers and cramp plaza."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Heggy H.', '5', '$12 dinner for two shared a bbq chicken No 24 plate and No 2 appetizer spring roll (not fried) great food and nice people']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jessica A.', '4', 'Delicious and cheap broken rice plates. This is the go to place for my fiancé and I when we are craving vietnamese food. Service is fast and friendly!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nhung T.', '3', "Ordered the Style rice with Bi (shredded pork), cha, suon (pork), and tau hau ky (shrimp paste). The Bi and cha were good especially the cha because it tasted moist and fresh. The suon (pork) was a little bit on the dry end, didn't like it too much and they only give you one small piece. The tau hau ky (shrimp paste) was good but I would have liked the skin to be more crispy.. Overall the rice dish was not that bad. However, the style rice (garlic rice) was on the dry side. I wouldn't order that again. An appetizer of Nem Nuong was decent, although the sauce was a tit bit sour."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Nicole N.', '5', "You know the question about what you want to have as your last meal on Earth ? Well, after I have visited this place .. I have finally found my answer .. com tam shall be my last meal on earth and it has to be com tam thien huong :D I am a big fan of com tam .. I haven been eating com tam since I was 3 or 5 years old .. I always remember how my dad used to take our family to have our breakfast as some com tam restaurant .. and in my 18 year of trying many many types of com tam from many many restaurant .. Com tam thien huong is one of the BEST on my list.  so, let's sum up my visit at this place ..it was about few weeks ago, I went here with my best friend and her baby boy... as usual, I have always ordered the com tam with bbq pork, egg cake, shredded pork, and tau hu ky .. the plate looked awesome when it came out .. they gave us such a huge portion that I couldn't finish half of it ...we did try to order some nem nuong but they ran out of it and then they asked us if we want to wait until they could make some more... but we didn't want to wait :( .. hopefully, i will get to try that tasty nem nuong next time :D Com tam thien huong is definitely a must visit place if you love com tam  no worry about parking .. reasonable price .. huge menu (of many tasty dishes) to choose from .. and friendly service too =)  I hope everybody else will have a good experience at com tam thien huong like me"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Andy L.', '5', 'This place has awesome tasting food and FAST service! I work down the street and only get an hour lunch so the fast service is appreciated.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jenny D.', '1', "My hubby and I have been here for many times but the quality of the food went down tremendously. Nem nuong's rice wrapper was way too hard to chew on like it has been wrapped twice. Plus, the Nem Nuong rolls didn't look very appetizing at all. In fact, they were ugly. Now to the broken rice plate....I ordered Korean BBQ or Nem Nuong with Tau Hu Ky. Nem Nuong and Korean BBQ were super oily because I can see oil dripping from it. Tau Hu Ky used to be filled w/ shrimp and stuff inside, but recently it got thiner and thiner everytime we visited. I didn't even finish my plate. I only ate half I'll just stick to my old place - Com Tam Dat Thanh"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'kevin w.', '4', 'My wife and I tried this for lunch from a suggestion we got from a co-worker. Excellent. We were not disappointed at all. Despite being busy (and noisy) with the lunchtime crowd, the service was great and fast. The food was very good. Definitely one of the better Vietnamese restaurants I have been too. A must try if you are ever in the area. The iced coffee and Thai tea are both excellent.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Heather O.', '4', "Best rice plate I've had in SJ... the place is a lot cleaner than other places also. Parking kind of sucks but the food was amazing!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Terri V.', '3', "I was looking for something different for lunch and started driving around and ended up in this shopping center.  I've been there before but not to eat.  I was actually looking for Bi Bim Bop, but  I digress here. Any way, I was seated right away and given some assistance in choosing my meal.  Since I was leaning towards Pho vs rice the server gave me two choices, Beef or Fish.  I chose the fish. I was very surprised how quickly the soup arrived.  It was hot but not to the point of burning my mouth (extra stars for that).  Served with a conservative plate of cilantro, spouts, peppers and one lime.  The server suggested I get both yellow and white noodles.  A good option.  The soup was tasty, but I was very disappointed by the fish.  ONE prawn and 1 INCH of a crab claw.  THAT's IT.  I was disappointed no basil in the soup. The service staff reached over me a couple times to remove the silver ware, and to restock the sauce.  But never returned with a check.  I saw others going up to the cashier and that is what you do.  You just pay there. I would probably go back if in the area."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tina K.', '4', 'This place is both delicious and super efficient.  While we waited for a seat our order was taken.  When we got seated our food came out right away.  I had the vermicelli which was delicious and packed with veggies.  My husband got one of the rice dishes and the portion was huge. I will definitely be coming back here again to try the other dishes.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Brian C.', '4', "Pho here is really good, decent price too! What really brings me joy are the rice plates. What I find significant is the bi (shredded pork?) isn't bland and tasteless as something you'd find in another restaurant and the Korean BBQ ribs are just soooooooooooooo juicy. Love this place."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tung V.', '2', "The quality and variety of their broken rice plates are comparable to other restaurants; that is to say nothing to excite over.  However, their sub-par customer service, poor sanitation, are extremely slippery floor are only exceeded by their arrogant attitude.  That's right!  They got into a fight with customers during my last visit.  This is intolerable, and a last straw for me.  It saddens, and embarrasses me as a Vietnamese, to continue to see this bad service among our businesses. If you're looking for average broken rice plates, served with spicy bad attitude, then this is your place!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tony T.', '3', 'We came here on the weekend and this place is packed.  We waited for about 30 mins and saw couple families ahead of us left.  They were slow at cleaning up the tables for the people to be seated. I ordered Com Tam Thit Nuong and Mi Cang.  Thit Nuong was just okay but Mi Cang was thin and small.  There was not much shrimp and meat in it.  I think they need to make it bigger to compete with other restaurants.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Katie C.', '5', "Oh mommy, how I love you. I have to give credit to my mama for showing me this place. I was taking her to work one day (on Tully) and she asked me to have lunch. She told me she knows of this awesome Vietnamese place that has the BEST rice plates. So I said sure, why not? I trust my mom completely when it comes down to Asian food. So she guides me to this plaza that has a mixture of weird store. The parking lot is horrible cramped, but it's not hard to find a spot to park. Just beware of door dings. Anyway, we walk in and I was surprised at how clean this place was. My mama noted that it was one of the cleanest Vietnamese restaurants she's been to. There was a lot of tables and the place was pretty big. We were seated right away and tea was brought to use right when we sat down.  I opened up the menu and they had every Vietnamese dish you can think of. Of course my mama was planning to already order for me, so I just told her I wanted the BBQ chicken with my rice plate. I scanned the menu though just to see what they had. Pho, noodles, rice, everything sounded great. I took a quick scan around the place and saw that many people ordered noodle soup. So, note to self, must return to try the pho.  So we ordered and the food came fast and piping hot. Just how I like it. The give a generous amount of meat, plus a piece of steamed eqq fish cake and veggies (not enough veggies might I add). Delicious fish sauce and a good amount of rice. Oh, they also give you a bowl of soup, totally full of MSG, but still delicious if you don't mind that little fact. The BBQ chicken was SO GOOD. I have never tasted any poultry that was cooked to perfection. Mouthwatering and savory. I LOVED it. My mama let me try some of her BBQ pork which was so delicious as well. As long as you avoid the fatty pieces. I've always been a poultry person anyhow. The dish came together perfectly. It was so YUMMY. I couldn't stop eating even after I was full! That means I really LOVED it. I recommend this place to anyone who loves these Vietnamese rice plates. I mean it's the BEST you can get. You will NOT be disappointed."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Helen T.', '4', "7 bucks for decent com tam? Will definitely return... perfect for a quick weekend meal. Satisfies my cravings for com tam and doesn't make my wallet cry! A small piece of thit nuong but overall, good portions and thumbs up for the egg-pork cake thing (cha), fried shrimp thing (tau hu ky), and shredded pork (bi)."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Anne T.', '5', "I like them already. They brought out drinks in to go cups for the little people. We came here for the Nem Nuong Rolls.. It is not like Brodard's in SoCal, but close enough. They pickle their carrots here and also add mint, but I was ok with it. It was still as delicious!!! Must come back for more rolls!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Cookie M.', '3', "I guess you could say it the best com tam in San Jose. The portion is good and the ingredient is average. I usually come here and order com tam and my girl-friend order com ga (chicken). The food is very tasty and rice done just rice, not too soggy not too dry. However, what I hate about this place is the fried egg. I always always eat com tam with extra fried egg, but this place make it either very soft, half uncooked or overly burned. I never get a perfectly done right egg.  Oh the owner here is my aunt's best friend yet I have to pay to eat every time =P I guess business is business."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kathy W.', '4', 'as most people have previously mentioned, most people order com tam (broken rice/vietnamese rice dish). when it comes to com tam i always get com tam bi cha thit nuong (broken rice with shredded pork, egg foo young and charbroiled pork).  the waiter got my order wrong and gave me pork chop instead of charbroiled pork. i like pork chop but i dont like to cut it when i dont have to. the rice is good and the meat was tender. i really like the shredded pork here. not too fat and just enough meat. the soup is also decent. each plate is about $7.95. the dessert that is red and white is all right, nothing special. i would come back if i was in the area.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tom W.', '4', 'Pros:    Solid Vietnamese Cuisine    Friendly Service    Nice and Comfortable Decor Cons:    Parking lot spaces are real tight']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jess N.', '5', "My favorite com tam restaurant!! :) its so authentic that I feel like i'm having com tam in Vietnam haha (the meat is even tastier here). I usually order broken rice with grilled meat, shredded pork and egg cake. Perfect combination! Yummm"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lan D.', '4', "I've tried com tam in many places, so far this is the best for me.  The chicken is tender and tasty.  Lately I tried the nem nuong and they are very good too.  The service and parking are not great but you can't expect the best from this area."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Linh D.', '4', 'I can never go wrong with ordering a rice plate and adding a egg on top of it for an extra $1.00, but to some people it makes the taste and texture different. If the restuarant name already says what type of specialty they are making, definitely you cant go wrong. Its juicy and full flavor meat.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Suzzie B.', '4', "This is one my favorite lunch places! We usually order to go and I've tried most of the items on their menu. Their specialty is the broken rice dish. I am not a big fan of pork but it is a MUST at Com Tam. The bbq pork is perfect! It's tender and a  little sweet. MMMMmmm! Good! My favorite dish comes with 3 strips of skewer pork, shrimp, shrimp cake, a small salad and soup if you are dining in.  Here's the order I would rank their meat in: 1. PORK, 2. Pork Chop, 3. Shrimp, 4. Chicken. I love their fried shrimp cake, the egg cake is edible but nothing great.  The special rice combo is awesome because you'll get to try everything. The vermicelli very good because of the YUMMY PORK!  Also, I really like the flavoring of their pho too.  However, I would NOT recommend getting their pho to go. They never give us enough soup and it's usually lukewarm/ cold. The cuts of meat are always extra fatty when you order to go. The lady at the register makes it seem like I am asking for her firstborn when I ask for some extra jalapeño, hosin and hot sauce for my pho. That would be my only complaint.  It doesn't deter me from coming at all. I still love this place."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Fay S.', '4', 'spring rolls are great!.  Shrimp cake is crispy & the big rice plate serves two!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Rob C.', '5', "now i've been to both locations, and have confirmed that their dishes are good.  of course, got the nem nuong cuon, which has the meaty sauce.  ingredients are super fresh.  the meat is a tad small for the mint and other veggies, but if you're looking for something like brodard's, this is probably as close as we get up here or chao vit thien huong. the grilled pork and shrimp rice plate has only 2 pieces of each, but they are executed superbly, super juicy, no too sweet, perfect for the quick dunk in fish sauce with broken rice, prominent MSG.  the pho tai was decent too, fresh ingredients and simmered broth.  no vegetarian options or chicken version.  if you get #40, shrimp is the paste around a long sugarcane."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dorothy N.', '4', 'Their broken rice plates are always on point. I decided to veer off and try their hu tieu.  Very tasty.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Phil N.', '4', "Just had dinner here.  The prices are about the same as Com Tam Dat Thanh (CTDT) on Tully but the place looks much newer and cleaner.  The menu is huge as they post every possible combination imaginable.  They should just have a build-your-own-com-tam-plate.  If you're a regular com tam eater like I am you always should add an fried egg on top.   There wasn't too much rice in my opinion and that is a good thing.  The meat portion (suong nuon) was generous and well BBQ'd.  Not too dry and well marinated.  I actually like it more than CTDT.  The Tau Hu ky was less greasy and actually didn't taste weird but tasted pretty good.  The only thing some people like my mom would have a problem with is that they give you limited pickled shallots which my mom LOVES.  Unlike at CTDT where there is a large container for you to take out of, this place gives you like 3-4.  I guess in some ways that might be better since sometimes people take the shallots out and they don't replace the lid and I see them sneeze and cough and what not and that's pretty gross.  All in all this is great place and I think the parking lot is significantly larger than CTDT.  I hate the parking there. Oh yeah I only gave them 4 stars because the wife wanted the famously disappearing nem nuong which they said they ran out of.  Bummer.  We might have to go back there to see what all the fuss about for these Vietnamese meat balls!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Andre W.', '4', 'Good com tam and they give you alot. Comes with a little soup on the side. I ordered number 61 with pork chops and bi. Bi was perfect and the food came out in a good amount of time. The service is great and they managed to split our check. The place is kinda small but not too bad but the parking is a hassle. Id definitely come back because I had a good experience.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jeff H.', '5', "The com tam here is pretty good!  I normally get com tam with thit nuong, egg cake, and a sunny side up egg.   I've also tried the bun thit nuong and cha gio.  Really good food!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'lovetoeat a.', '4', 'Went here for quick bite after shopping. The place was packed, a good sign. We had the nem nuong cuon, it was delicious!! The com ga Hainan, the Hainan chicken dish was a winner! The com tam bi Cha was only so so.  The place was recently remodeled, it looked really good with the dark wood paneling and screens.  Service could be a little more attentive, but everybody was very helpful and polite.  We will come back! We came on a Saturday evening, and there were two weddings here at 2 restaurants, so parking was a bit hard to find.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Steph C.', '4', 'Came here again for the Pork Spring Rolls. All I can say is that my boyfriend needs to order more (He ate half on the way home..)']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'John T.', '4', "Compared to other rice dish places in SJ it's above the rest, but the prices is pretty high and portions are small.  I think in general their food has a lot of flavor but an hour to two later i am usually hungry again.  You also have to have a lot of patience because the parking lot is a real pain during the weeks."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ha L.', '3', "Story location is better. They did have good service. I don't really remember their food too well, I think it's because it doesn't stand out. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Veronica C.', '4', "Came here to celebrate a birthday lunch. I got here around noon on a Tuesday and it was packed. They seemed shocked that I was grabbing a table for 9 people, but they moved another small family that had just sat down at a big table and were very accommodating. I actually had to sit around for a while to wait for the rest of my party because they were running late, but no dirty looks, thank goodness! This place served pho and rice plates, and even though I was really tempted to try the pho, I figured I needed to eat a rice plate since that was what the name of the restaurant was referring to!  I ended up with the bbq pork rice plate, which came with a bowl of broth, a mini salad with pickled veggies, and also shrimp wrapped on sugar cane. The pork was absolutely delicious! The shrimp was good, but the sugar cane was hard to chew through, so I didn't finish that. But the meal itself was very filling. I also ordered a vietnamese iced coffee. I was hoping for the slow drip filter, but it came out made already, so I was saddened by that. But overall, a very clean restaurant, great service here and the food was fantastic!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lily H.', '1', 'Bad service: cashier cheating, unfriendly with custimers']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Amy C.', '4', "Came here a while back and I remember that my experience was good and my picky friend who is very selective with his restaurants had recommended this place. He was right about this place. The decor is more upscale, clean, spacious, and bright than most fast food Vietnamese restaurants. The parking seems to be crowded. The service was decent, discrete, and timely. The food was tasty but not overly memorable, arrived within a fair amount of time, was fairly priced and well-portioned. I'll definitely have to come back again to update but basically my dining experience went without a hitch. It was like a smooth transaction but not overly memorable in a great way."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Ken C.', '4', 'I am very pleased to find another Com Tam restaurant as I only knew of the Story Road franchise.  Had the chicken combination order #69 * BBQ Chicken * Broken rice  * Shrimp paste wrapped around sugarcane  * Egg cake  * Shredded pork skin  * Deep fried shrimp cake  * Salad with sweet onions Everything was delicious but they were quite light on the amount of meat given.  Staff was nice and reataurant was clean.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Veena N.', '4', 'I am always up for vietnamese food and especially down when one of my "asian persuasian" friends takes me out to eat. I was introduced to this place by my co-worker who had told me about this place a while ago and we never found a chance to go.  Finally one over-cast, sprinkly afternoon we went. We sat down quickly, I was impressed with how big it was inside and how prompt the service was. I got the bbq pork, fried shrimp cake, and steamed white rice and she got the meatball pho. The food came out quickly and before you knew it I was in bbq pork heaven. The meat was so tender and flavorful, I like the hint of sweetness to this pork. The fried shrimp cake which is a favorite of mine is fabulous here. The cake itself is flavorful and fully cooked but not overcooked and the outside flakiness is just right. Mmmm with fish sauce and a hint of chili this is some wonderful stuff. My friend said the pho was pretty good, the broth was flavorful and she loved the meatballs. I was sold! So, the above lunch trip was taken about a week ago. Today I went with another friend of mine and we both ordered the same bbq pork, fried shrimp cake and steam rice plate with their french style black coffee with condensed cream. This place did not disappoint. As a matter of fact I\'m getting hungry and thinking about eating it again now. Mmm...nom nom nom nom! Two thumbs up and I would go back over and over again. I think the next time I wanna try the egg cake....']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Elizabeth N.', '3', "You can't beat the price for the amount of food that you get.   The bbq pork was very good.    The crispy tofu was excellent.  The shredded pork was fresh.   I did not care for vegetables as it did not seem to be cleaned very well.  It is still one of the best com tam places in the Bay Area.  This place probably deserves a 3.5 star on my scale."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Eric V.', '4', 'I ate here in the morning with a bad hang over. Our order came out quickly and smelled great. I had com tam with shrimp cake which was pretty good. The food, soup, and tea really satisfy your stomach. Good way to start your morning!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Patricia B.', '3', "I had brunch-lunch here this morning. I ordered a rice plate. Com Tam Bi Ga...which is Broken rice with shredded pork and grilled chicken.  The best thing about this place is probably the rice. It's cooked to perfection. Not too soggy or dry. The shredded pork is okay..I think it's a little bland. The grilled chicken was way too greasy or oily, yawkkkk. Overall, this place is alright."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Beach L.', '5', 'I really like their nam nuong cuon. Closest things I have found to Brodards in the bay area.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Eddie L.', '4', 'Com tam here is good.. the place is clean for the neighborhood that is it in.  will come here again for the food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Lien T.', '4', 'This place is one of my favorite com tam joints in san jose. The place is really clean compared to other com tam places i have ate in the area. The food is a bit pricier than other places but for the service and clean environment, its well worth the money. They have the best goi cuon nem nuong. The sauce that comes with it is really good! All of the rice plates are good as well. They have a lot  to offer on their menu. A good place to eat with a group of people craving different things.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Diva T.', '4', 'Com tam bi with tau hu ky is great!   This place is packed on weekends.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Rosary N.', '2', "I came here to get a takeout order. When I came in, I was given a menu to order from, but they did not give me a number. I ordered the pho and two servings of com tam. I sat at a table in the middle of the restaurant where they had their silverware set out in containers to be used or washed? I found it weird that they would display it out in the open like that. I sat and waited for about 20+ minutes? They never told us that our order was ready. I had to come up to the counter and ask for it and it turned out that my order was sitting on the side counter the whole time! So when I brought the food home, it wasn't steamy hot. My brother and his friend said the com tam was good, but my pho was another story. The soup wasn't flavorful and the noodles were harder than usual pho noodles. Maybe I'll stick to the com tam or another place that actually lets me know when my food is ready."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'An N.', '5', "The food is very delicious!I love the meat and eggs,also with rice covered in fish sauce.I'd recommend this restaurant to everybody else who is in Yelp!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Raymond K.', '4', 'The rice plates are good and they accept credit card.  I always get the BBQ Pork chop with Shrimp over sugar cane.  The food is good and the prices are reasonable.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Stephen M.', '5', 'the pho here was delicious .. even though i got the house combo large .. i had to request for a side of pho juice to even it all out :)']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jeremy K.', '3', "Food is pretty good without having to drive all the way to Aborn for the other location that serves this type of food.  And this one doesn't have the roaches either.  I like the rice places with the deep fried shrimp paste thingy with the kalbi ribs."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Frances H.', '3', "We ordered the #65 which was rice with bbq chicken, bbq shrimp ( only 1 shrimp) and shrimp patty. The food was good but the staff didn't make us feel welcome."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'CT N.', '4', "NEM NUONG!!! Yummm... I usually come here to get the nem nuong. The rice plates are great as well but it's a must to try the nem nuong if you're going to eat here."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'trinh n.', '4', "The first time I went here was a few weeks ago. Never tried it, wasn't expecting too much out of it either. My sister & I were ordering to go. We ordered 4 orders of the shredded pork, BBQ pork, shrimp cake, & something else, I forgot. =P Aroma was great, but they totally forgot about my sister's order of the Che dessert drinks. They quickly got to it and apologized. Their decoration is really nice, very modern asian place with bamboo and such. My boyfriend and I ate here last week before closing, food was still great and newly cooked. I'd definitely go again. This place and Dat Thanh is great for rice plates =)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Matt L.', '5', "Since Com Tam Dat Thanh was closed for TET and my associate and I had a craving for Com Tam we decided to give Com Tam Thien Houng a try.  It did not disappoint!  We started with the spring rolls. So very fresh and tasty and accompanied with a chocolate infused dipping sauce that can only be described as divine.  I ordered my com tam with BBQ chicken, shredded pork skin and egg cake. The BBQ chicken had a sweet BBQ sauce and was cooked to perfection. This was the first time I tried shredded pork skin. It was quite tasty but it had a gritty texture that was not to my liking. Glad I tried it but I will probably skip it the next time. Finally was the egg cake. (another first for me). I'm not sure what it is supposed to taste like but I do know that it has found a place in my food LOVES. How could I have missed something so extraordinary all my life?  Sorry CTDT. I may have found a worth rival to your goodness."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Binh L.', '2', 'I had a terrible experience here. The waiters were rude and unhelpful. I ordered a rice dish with shrimp. My dish came with only one shrimp... wtf. Thinking that they made a mistake, I asked the waiter about it. The waiter was rude and told me the dish "of course" only came with one. The tau hu ky was very flat and bland. The meat was decent but the portion size is very small. For $8.75, I was expecting something to at least fill my stomach.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Myko H.', '5', "I've been going there to eat for two years, they have pretty awesome food overall and would attend you well. Great  place for lunch"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Kat N.', '1', "Customer Service- Sucks.  It was so hard to flag down an employee, even though there were so many employees in the building.  They were just sitting down, chilling, having a good ol' time with each other. Food- YUCK.  I've had better Com Tam.  My cha was so ice cold- I was not able to eat it.  The bi is made of Cha?- which I do not like.  They charge for everything here.  Extra bowl of soup is .75 where as at Com Tam Dat Thanh, its free!   They don't have the condiments like Com Tam Dat Thanh also.  We liked the pickled leeks, but they gave us 2-3 on our plate.  We had to ask for more.  Our table had exactly 2 spoons, 2 forks, and 2 knives.  We had a party of 4.... umm hello? Service?  My pet peeve while eating is when employees start coming around and refilling the napkins, silver wear, condiments, etc.  There were so many other empty tables- couldn't she have started there? Instead of slamming condiments on our table and refilling the napkins. Parking here can be a pain also.  It has poor construction- and I've personally witnessed 3 accidents happen in this lot.   Pro: Near my favorite tofu place!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Carol O.', '4', "easily, a new favorite and totally worth the drive down from fremont for a delicious, authentic meal. i had the grilled chicken plate & of course, the hard to find nem nuong cuon.  grilled meats marinated and cooked to perfection.  if this place were any closer to me, i'd definitely be a regular. -1 star for the icky bathroom."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Duy V.', '5', "best broken rice ever, great ambiance, super cheap, and they'll make you whatever you want... even if it's not on the menu! Unfortunately, they don't take credit cards."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Hayden N.', '4', "I've been here multiple times and I like it and my sister loves this place but recently when I took my family here, they used old cucumbers for me and I can totally tell with the first bite. It was so soft and the center was a bit mushy and slimy and it made me shake my head. I don't expect them to use day(s) old cucumbers for their customers. Use fresh veggies please. Other than that, the food and service is good. The parking space is a bit tight and hard to get out once in a while but you'll get the hang of it."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Krystal N.', '4', "Wow...a place that competes with com tam dat thanh?! Finally, another great place to get com tam! The location isn't the best but the interior is very clean and welcoming. I've been here to dine in once before but my recently was a take out order and I think it got even better from the last time I went! The thit nuong was grilled and seasoned til perfection. The cha was a generous portion and so, so good! Nuoc mam was good! (I think that nuoc mam plays a big factor in rice plates) Overall, great food! The only downside was that it was so packed on a Saturday afternoon that we were forced to get our food to go but that just shows how successful they are becoming! I've been here when it isn't so packed though so it really just depends on the time. Parking in this plaza can be a bitch too so I wouldn't want to come when it is too packed."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'linda y.', '5', 'MMMM...they have da best hu tieu-noodle soup ive ever had. i usually order #84 chicken with rice & egg noodle with the soup on the side...MMMM...i havent tried the other hu tieu or other items yet. ive only been here two times.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Eileen L.', '3', "I just came here today for lunch / dinner . I had the seafood rice and egg noodle soup . There wasn't much in it though ... just a piece of shrimp , a crab claw , a couple super thin pieces of fishcake , and a few pieces of meat . It tasted okay though . Nothing really to say about this place except that their food is decent ."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'YMN V.', '5', 'The best com tam bi cha, tau hu ky so far when compared to Com Tam Dat Thanh, Com Tam Thanh..']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Laura S.', '4', "The quality of the food is good, and the food seems freshly made.  They give you a little more of everything like chili peppers and cu kieu, or twice as much as Com Tam Thanh.  Everything was like a little better than other places around here, but somehow that makes a big difference overall.  The dau hu ky was particulary good.  The only thing I didn't like was the meat portion was rather small, but the pork was well flavored, and I guess I would rather have quality over quantity in this case."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'D N.', '4', "We usually go to Com Tam Dat Thanh, but we thought we'd give this place a try.  The food was really good!  There are plenty of seats/tables that are spread out.  Their specialty are rice plates, but they do offer other menu items (appetizers, noodles, etc.)."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Thien T.', '5', 'I have been coming here and their sister store over at Grand Century mall for a year.  This has been THE best Com Tam in San Jose.  The rice is perfect.  I usually get the Dac Biet which has everything, with thit nuong.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tom T.', '2', 'This comment is for the new restaurant just opened a few days ago in Grand Century mall, which used to be the Banh Cuon Tay Ho restaurant. I would say food is heck a lot better than Dat Thanh restaurant, it\'s quite tasty at first but it was horrible toward the middle of the session  when all the unpleasant noise started coming out of the restroom that they sited me close by. Also one thing I would complain about was the steam rice though, it was not that good compare to Dat Thanh (not dried enough to be considered for what it is called com tam). I think it good for old people though espcially for those who has not many teeth left :) But the main problems here are: 1- Poor customer service in order waiting length , and as it seems like no body care or bother to stop by your table for asking if you "need" anything at their restaurant after you get sited. 2- The restroom, yeah! tell me more about it! I guarantee that you will hear every single unpleasant noise comes out from that restroom while you are eating there if you get sited close enough to the OPEN restroom. Yes my friends, you will experience The UGLIEST sounds ever human could make on earth while they are in the restroom, such as coughing, pissing , pooping, farting, flushing... etc... you name it my friend. How could I complain about what people did in there though, because they were in the right place for which it was designed for right? I just wanted to complain about how the hell on earth that the owner could torture their customers like that by placing the table close to a restroom???? shouldn\'t they sit there hours to hours to test themselves if they can enjoy their food before they put people in that table? To be honest with you, I lost all my appetites, no matter how tasty it was and how hungry I was at the time when those unwanted sounds came out from the restroom. You can imagine that, can\'t you? Oh well, what a torture eh??? Especially the expression on the faces of people who will visit that restroom, some might throw you a sympathy looks like they did to me :(, other might say eww how the hell you could eat your food "in" the restroom (because it\'s not much different in/out if you are sited close by their restroom) I would suggest the owner sit there at that special table closet to the restroom to see if they could enjoy their food while "the sound of the music" constantly plays out from that restroom uhm? IF you DARE to test out a new restaurant in town, I would suggest you to either strongly deny to sit close to the restroom or you can bring your own earplugs or itouch so you can listen to your own favorite music instead of "the sound of music" that they provide you from their "awesome" Restroom though... eww! and if it is possible, don\'t forget to wear a very dark, I meant VERY DARK or DARKEST sun glasses that you can find on earth, which you can\'t see anything, so you will not have to experience some ugly guys might come out of that restroom with unzipped his zipper alright LOL... Until I hear the problems fixed, I would consider to come back to try out their food again. Good luck, folks!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Karen L.', '1', "This review is for my mom who came here with a bad experience. Her friend raved about this place, but unfortunately it did not prove itself and my mom said she'll never come back. The food was mediocre. Spring rolls was full of veggies and noodles, no meat at all! The soup broth was bland and they were shady on the seafood. And on top of this they over charged my mom and her friend on purpose. Their tab came out to be about $40 something, wth? For two bowls of noodles, an order of spring rolls, and no beverages?  You have got to be kidding me, that's like saying each bowl was like $20! On the menu it said each bowl of noodle was about $8. When my mom questioned the lady, she pretended to type in some number and gave her the correct amount, and she didn't even apologize! Fair enough, input error, we're all human right? But I've heard several accounts of this so just advising everyone, be sure to check your tab when you pay!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Liz T.', '4', 'The only Cam tam place I go to now. I was a huge fan of Com Tam Dat Thanh until this place opened up. Their dishes are just prepared so much better and I love their soup. Before this place opened, every other store that opened in its spot closed down after a few months. I have a feeling this place will last though! I really hate the plaza and its narrow parking however.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tracee P.', '5', 'I loveeeeeeeeeee this place. the rolls and filet mignon pho are DELICIOUSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'imy b.', '5', 'The food is very tasty which you hardly can find in SJ; plus this restaurant is clean and nice. The price is reasonable for the quality you buy.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'jim b.', '5', 'I love the rice plate here. They make it just the way I like it. Vermicelli noodle is Also great. Never tried the Pho here yet, not planning to. I always go here for the rice plate. The nem cuon appetizer is good also']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Amy J.', '5', 'LOVE this place wayyy better than com tam dat thanh. decent price too not like com tam dat thanh hella jack up the price like 10 a dish 0___0']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Mike N.', '4', "Came here a number of times. I like the grilled pork springroll. It's a crunchy roll that comes with a tasty orange sauce. Good fix for the occasional Brodards nem nuong craving. Btw, Brodards, is a vietnamese restaurant in Garden Grove, CA (socal). The rice plates are all pretty good. I like to order the bbq short rib combo plate with everything. The shredded pork is particularly good. Not powdery like some of the other places. The restaurant itself is fairly new and clean. Although the portions run a little smaller than Dat Thanh's. Rice plates are still very filling for a good price. You might pay a buck or two extra for cleanliness. That's not problem for me."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Dung H.', '4', 'Eating com tam here very often like every other Sun. We (my family) used to love Dat Thanh com tam, but we like Thien Huong more because the quality of Dat Thanh sounds like going down. Thien Huong bi\\ (pork shredded) is very good. It also has very good hu? tieu/ (Vietnamese rice noodle).']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Jenny P.', '4', 'I come here quite often since they open their door not too long ago.  I always have "com tam bi cha thit nuong with trung".   Their thit nuong is tasty and moist.  In my opion, Thien Huong beat rivals, Dat Thanh and Thanh in quality and cleanliness, but they\'re a bit pricier.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Sophia L.', '5', "I LOVE the com Tam here...By far this is the Best Com Tam place in san jose and I am a HUGE fan of Com Tam. I've been to Com Tam Dat Thanh, Com Tam Thanh on Story and on S Abel. Horrible.........Their soup is good everything is fresh and they're food take a while to come out, but its a good thing. Good"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Hanh D.', '5', 'i like the Korean Beef, Nem Nuong and Hu tieu becuase they are so good. The price is cheep that is between $6 to $8 for one meal. Nice service and good environment.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose', 'Tall D.', '5', 'The best inexpensive Vietnamese food I have eaten, BY FAR. (To get Viet food this good you typically have to go to an expensive "fusion" place.) Nothing I\'ve tried comes close in either San Jose or Orange County, for the price, in my opinion. The Korean BBQ beef is better than at most Korean BBQ restaurants (shocking, because Vietnamese-made Korean BBQ is usually not very good). Spring rolls and broken rice are gr8! Interior is clean and well decorated. Staff is friendly. Awesome deal!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dorothy L.', '5', "Our favorite com tam restaurant! We always order Com Tam with suon nuong & tau hu ky - broken rice with BBQ pork chop and shrimp cake covered in fried tofu skin. Throw on a bunch of their fish sauce and I'm a happy camper! Super flavorful, filling, and affordable. Portions and value are great! We often order via phone and pick up to-go. Usually ready in about 15-20 minutes.  Located inside of Grand Century."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dean C.', '1', '3/31/18 I was here to meet some friends from SoCal (a Vietnamese girl with a French guy)--the girl use to live here and had many Vietnamese childhood friends still in the area, so those VIETNAMESE friends picked this place.  I was totally looking forward to chowing down with a bunch of real Vietnamese, complete with Vietnamese accents, talking native Vietnamese... who would pick the most awesome Vietnamese restgaurant in the biggest Vietname town this side of the Mississippi (god I always wanted to type that... came out so fast!).... WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTT TTTTTTTTHHEEEE FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF This restaurant\'s HORRIBLE!  Just goes to show that even those born in a country don\'t mean they know what\'s good food from that country........... You think I\'m wrong?  Just think of all the Americans that order their ribeye "well done."  Right.  I win. But hey, at least this restaurant\'s generous!--my spoon came with food on it already for appetizers! Gets better from there... 71. Suon nuong, Tau hu ky, Bi, Cha, Chao tom $16.50 "bbq pork chop, fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, egg cake, grilled shrimp on sugarcane w/rice": 1. Pork chop is ultra super duper thin and jerky dry 2. Shrimp on sugar cane standard 3. Shrimp with fried tofu was thin and dry 4. Eggs were standard 5. Pork skin standard 6. RICE WAS MUSHY!!!  We all come for that awesome "broken rice" right?--mushy "broken" rice is just absolutely messed up 7. Soup was really weird--strangely sweet.  Probably to cover up the lack of flavor, but just made it taste like lukewarm sugar water Well, this IS Vietnam town, so I\'m sure pretty much ANY other restaurant next door would be better.  Go somewhere else. 1/5 #vietnamesefood #sanjose #star']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Christine K.', '4', "This is located in grand century mall. I ordered the Hu Tieu Do Bein Kho (dry) with egg noodles. They had a dark sauce on the side that I have never seen before and initially I was frightened. But once I smelled it I knew I would like it. They give you an overwhelming amount of green onions. I forgot to ask for without.  I am strongly upset they give you barely any shrimp and 4 squids. I got a seafood dish to get seafood. Not just two options and I don't even eat squid. I'm surprised not even fish ball was included. Shrimp was a good size. Docked one star off. Does come with a side of soup which is delicious. Our server came once to take our order, bring our food and never returned. He wasn't bad looking but he barely spoke English. My dish with the brown sauce on it was so good! I only put less than half of the sauce since it's overpowering. Add Sriracha on it! Delicious. 5/5"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Twee W.', '3', "This place is just okay. The food is average, but the service is good. It's a place for a quick bite."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Leslie Y.', '4', 'Very good pork chop rice plates, very busy place to eat, with a line out the door of course... It was a very good experience to bring a friend for lunch, the rice plates are much different from Oakland, where we normally eat.... Service was fast and food was tasteful, definitely would return....']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Trizzie P.', '4', "Great service and good food. Went here for lunch with my family and one of my cousin visiting from Vietnam. We took her her four years ago and as soon as she's back in the States, she's telling us she wants to go here. We took her here four years ago and she missed it ever since. The tables were mostly filled but we were able to get seated right away.  I got the Korean bbq ribs and ta hu ky. Food came out perfect timing and tasted yummy. We asked for additional such as chili , extra plates, and togo boxes and an elder gentlemen who's probably part of the restaurant's family was very happy and quick to help. That really made us feel like we were welcome and we're not hesitant to tip him extra at the end. Great lunch experience for my cousin with yummy food. That makes me happy and it was worth it that we we brought her back again. She was completely satisfied."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jocey H.', '4', "Amazing pork chop rice dishes here. That's all I come here for. This place is located inside the mall, it looks nice and clean inside the restaurant as well.  Service was okay, they don't really speak english so just keep your order simple. Fast service and yummy entrees.  Recommend dishes  - Pork chop #61 ( i think ? )     comes with rice, lettuce, and side soup"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mr L.', '5', 'Their rice plates are just amazing. I plan to try every one on the menu when I have time and will update this review.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany D.', '4', "This is one of my ong's (grandpa) favorite places, and he knows all the good, O.G. Vietnamese food spots in the south bay. They're especially known for their broken rice dishes (com tam), but I love their Bun Thit Nuong (bbq pork and rice noodle). The flavors are rich with lemongrass, fish sauce, a little sweetness, and char. The cafe sua da is also on point -- strong and sweet.  Service can be slow, but they're nice enough. Dishes come out quick."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Emily L.', '4', "Good food every time I come here and the service is really fast! We came at 1pm on a Saturday and there was a short wait.  I got #70 which is a rice plate with BBQ pork, egg cake, fried shrimp cake wrapped in bean curd, shredded pork skin, shrimp cake on sugar cane, salad with pickled vegetables, and complimentary soup. Basically, a little bit of everything and I was so full afterwards! My favorite sides were BBQ pork and fried shrimp cake!  My boyfriend got a rice plate with pork chop, shredded pork, and fried shrimp cake. They gave pretty small portions of meat, but I had so much food that my boyfriend helped me finish my plate. The dishes come with fish sauce on the side, drizzle it on everything! The most of the sides are lightly seasoned because it's meant to be eaten with the fish sauce."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Sarah C.', '5', "Lady at the register was very nice and patient when a friend and i were taking our time to look at the menu for to go. After our order, she told us that it'll take 10-15 min and actually came out faster than that! When we went to pick up our order, the same cashier and another worker were very nice and told us to enjoy our food, well we did!!! (-:"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jeene L.', '5', 'absolutely delicious rice dishes every time!!  highly recommend it...you shall love most of the dishes!  A must try, the service is mediocre.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Samuel P.', '4', 'This place is located in a Vietnamese mall, not that hard to find. Vermicelli and shrimp cakes are tasty.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stephen C.', '4', "I am a fan of this place. Located in an iconic Vietnamese shopping mall.  The waiters don't play no games. Once you sit down, they pull out the notepad and want you to order. Since it was my first time, I needed a quick minute. It wasn't a bad thing but I guess people already know what they want.  The pork chop over rice is delicious. The meat is flavorful and the portions are good. The food comes out pretty quick and hot hot hot.  There is a huge parking lot but hella people on the weekends.  Overall: I'll be returning to try other items."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kim l.', '4', "This is the place to go if you are craving com tam. If you go around noon there will be a long wait. But it's worth it. Reasonably priced, good sized portions and delicious food."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Manuel H.', '4', "The food was good, I had the broken rice with pork and shrimp cake.  Service was not good but I guess it's expected, the place was busy and they wouldn't care to lose one or two customers due the the service."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Steph L.', '4', 'I came here last Saturday with my family at noon, and had to wait for 20 minutes for a party of 4.  We got the nem nuong cuon and the guo cuon to share which I would recommend. There is not a lot of places in SF to get nem so I was really happy to see it on the menu. One thing I noticed is that there rice plates are huge! You get so much more meat and variety compared to any other place. I do have to say that the rice plates was a bit on the saltier side for my liking. But good thing I got the Vietnamese coffee to cleanse my palate. I can understand that there could be other places around the area to be better or cheaper, but from my experience, this place hits the spot!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tawn D.', '3', 'Price:over priced.  Service: dropped off food and forget you so normal for an Asian place. :-p Taste: better than expected. B rated Display: they serve it on a gigantic plate so it looks like a lot of food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mike P.', '4', "Short review since most broken rice places are essentially the same, with a few caveats.  I've been eating broken rice for essentially my whole life, in Oakland, then San Francisco, then San Jose, so yeah, I've been around. Their menu looks pretty large, but they're all basically the same iteration of the same rice plate, just decide on what things you want.  In the end, just go for the special, because that way you get it all.  They have really large portions, but prices are proportional.  $15 gets you a good scoop of broken rice with green onions and crispy garlic bits (yes!), salad, egg cake, sugarcane wrapped in shrimp cake, crispy shrimp cake, shredded pork, side soup, and your choice of protein.  While this definitely filled me up, I wish they had gone a little bit larger on the protein, which was deliciously seasoned instead of the shredded pork skin and egg.  Still, very filling.  This place gets pretty busy on weekends, probably because of the huge amounts of Vietnamese mall shoppers, so expect a 15+ minute wait during lunch times or more.  We went at 1:00PM and it was surprisingly busy.  Overall, I'd go here again if I had a big appetite an desperately wanted broken rice, because they deliver on both counts.   --- sweet: large portions, well seasoned meats bitter: small meat portions, a bit pricey."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jackie T.', '3', "This is a review for a to-go order.  I ordered #47, BBQ pork and BBQ shrimp.  The waiting time was about 20-30 minutes. There were about 3 people in front of us who were ordered for to-go too. The restaraunt is packed but doesn't have a line.  The BBQ pok was well marinated and a-okay smokey (because I like my BBQ to have some smokey aroma). They only have me 2 piece of BBQ shrimp--I kind of expected 3-4 pieces instead because I'm paying more to have shrimp. On the bright side, they're big, but could of have 3 pieces anyway.  The to-go box have a lot of fish sauce so thumbs up on that one.  I will not judge on how hot the food was because it's a to-go order. Summary: +BBQ Pork +Amount of fish sauce +Pickled Leeks -Waiting Time -Little bit of BBQ Shrimp"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Guest U.', '4', 'Been here a few times.  The service was fast each time I visited.  The food has been consistant too.   The only downfall is that it gets warm in the restaurant.  I think they should turn up the A.C. on warn days.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jess C.', '3', 'Seems like there is much less meat than at their other location in Fremont. I also remember liking the fish sauce more.  Love the quick service though!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Bao P.', '4', "It's inside the Grand Century Mall, Good Viet food, Variety of choices for a combo plate, Will come back again."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jade L.', '1', "The urge to review this place is strong. The first thing you notice about this place when you walk in is the smell of fish sauce....mmmmm fish sauce (wish it was a better smell honestly). The waiter sat us down at a table that did not have the necessary items like napkins or utensils. Which is fine? Maybe? IDK? We were not offered water OR the menu and the same waiter asked us what we want to order. Well, I would tell him but I didn't get the menu. So he later got us the menu. It was cold that night and thought to order some pho. VERY ODD how they said they did not have pho even though the menu had it and it looked like other tables ordered it, maybe they ran out? IDK? For the price of the food it wasn't amazing. Portions seemed smaller than the places I go to and more expensive. I would disregard service if the food was amazing or vice versa, but it was all just not great. Service was just horrible D: Sorry but I wouldn't come back here.  1. Service was horrible. 2. Food wasn't amazing enough for me to disregard the horrible service. 3. Food wasn't cheap for the portion. 4. NO PHO?!?! 5. Can get everything better and other places."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dianna D.', '3', "I came here in a group of four for lunch. It was very crowded and we were pretty lucky to get a seat right away at around noon. The location is inside of an indoor Vietnamese mall with other restaurants, food stands, herbalist, jewelers, and other miscellaneous Vietnamese businesses. My Vietnamese friends ordered broken rice plates and a seafood dry noodle dish, which I really should have gotten as they looked really delicious as they enjoyed every last bit of the huge portions that were provided. But I was craving pho that day so I ordered the combination.The meat and noodles were good. I liked the broth, though the msg was a little bit too much on the heavy side for me since after the meal I had to drink a lot of water while trying to overcome a two hour food coma. There was so much food that my friends had to force down the spring rolls for the table. Price-wise, was ok, about $15/person. The service is ok. The food came out so quickly, I felt that we had just ordered. It must have been a 5 minute wait, which was very nice. I felt that the restaurant was so busy that they didn't have time to come back and refill our drinks. Good thing there is a Bambu close by this location to quench our thirst! It was also nice just walking around the mall to help with the digestion. I'd come back and try one of the broken rice dishes and the spring roll next time. I feel like I should come with my Vietnamese friends again since they order in Vietnamese - much more legit!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Michael N.', '1', "PSA THEY SKIMP YOU ON BBQ SHRIMP i ordered BBQ pork and BBQ shrimp and they gave me a whooping ONE AVERAGE SIZED SHRIMP. if i ever come back, which is doubtful, i will not be ordering this this used to be one of my go to com tam places, but the increase in prices is ridiculous.  Its now $13+ for a basic plate with 1 meat, and up to 17 for the combo.  $12 for a regular pho?? sorry but this isn't good or fancy enough to warrant the prices.  The portions are fairly small too."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Louisa T.', '4', '$28 for 2 people: 2 rice plates, and 1 Vietnamese coffee. Restaurant is not huge, but they seem to move people pretty fast. When we got here, there was a little bit of a wait, but not too bad. The waiter that was calling the names, seemed like he was calling them all in Vietnamese, so I got a little concerned I was going to miss my name. Thankfully, "Louisa doesn\'t seem to be easy to say... =) I was sort of craving broken rice, since we were at a Vietnamese restaurant, and was so lost at the long list of rice combo choices they had. The server came to take orders, and despite repeating twice, "we\'re not ready, can you come back? " he just stood there. I felt bad making him wait, so I just blurted out one of the numbers that interested me- #34. What came out was, a pork chop rice with fried  shrimp cake.  Flavor of the rice, meat and shrimp cake was good, so I got lucky- whoohoo!   Tip: look at their menu while you wait, so you don\'t rush into ordering something and hope it\'s good.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stanley Y.', '3', "Located inside a Vietnamese mall, its on the opposite side of mall away from the food court which is a bit strange. The interior is much nicer than Vietnamese restaurants in the East Bay where decor is an afterthought. Because most Vietnamese dishes have very light flavor profiles, what makes or breaks a dry dish like com tam is the fish sauce. The fish sauce here is a bit too sweet. Hoping to spice things up, I threw in some chili sauce and a whole crushed red chili, but the red chili wasn't actually spicy.  Ordering the #35 com tam, grilled pork chops were a bit salty and overcooked so it lost some of its tenderness. The shrimp cakes with the crunchy coating was pretty good. The shrimp cake wrapped around a sugar cane stick was totally new to me and seemed a bit strange.  They have great food presentation for the most part. Sometimes the dishes they use are too big and your plate ends up feeling a bit empty."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tracy N.', '3', "I've actually only been to this restaurant twice. I remember coming here a few months ago but never got to write a review.  I really like how this shop is set up, looks more like a lounge or hang out spot than a Vietnamese restaurant. The parking is a bit small but there's more parking within the plaza. I haven't came here on a weekend before but I know it gets really packed here. So if you just want to grub somewhere quick with no wait, come here on a weekday before 4PM when literally nobody is here.  I usually order number 51, which is bi cha thit nuong, shredded pork skin egg cake BBQ pork with rice and a side of sunny side up egg. I remember the last time I came here, my plate was freshly made, egg still sizzling and rice freshly cooked. But this time, it tasted like everything was microwaved. Like it's been out for a while. I even a stomach ache a little after I left the restaurant.  I stopped coming to the com tam thien huong on Capitol, next to orchard supply, across from target because I found hair on my eggs and rice. DO NOT GO THERE.  Other than that, this place is really sanitary. I liked the food before when I came here but I guess it's just going downhill."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Geri N.', '1', "This was the worst experience with any of the Com Tam Thien Huong restaurants.  The food was decent, not the best broken rice restaurant but better than many others but they're not the only one. Our group came in, sat down, and said we're ready to order but they only had 1 worker taking orders when there were 3 other workers standing around so we had to wait for that 1 worker to finish taking orders from the party next to us. It was 10 minutes later before we put in our order. And another 20 minutes before our food started coming out. We ordered 5 broken rice plates, 3 of which we ordered a dish on the menu priced at $10 and requested to add an extra shrimp on sugar cane item to the plate. So when the bill came out we were surprise to see we were charged for the special plates regularly priced at $14+. If you check out their menu the special plates are basically everything on it with a different choice of meat. So instead of adding the price of the extra item we were charged for the special plate with 2-3 items on the plate missing. I will never return to this restaurant and you shouldn't either!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Garrett F.', '4', "I met up with an old co-worker while in San Jose for work.  He always talked about how Sacramento didn't have good Vietnamese food, so he took me to one of his favorite spots. Food: I ordered the charbroiled pork, which came with chicken broth soup, rice, vegetables, pork skin, and pork/egg cake. This place serves probably the best Vietnamese food I've had! The flavor was a step above anything I've had in Sacramento! Sides Notes Ambiance: There's no outside seating, but there's plenty of indoor seating. Service: The service was ok. Overall: I would definitely come back!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Philip H.', '4', "I've been to this place many times and had the pho, the rice plates, spring rolls and pork rolls. All have been great. The place is usually full and there is a clipboard where you write down names."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Quyen L.', '2', 'In the mood for some Vietnamese comfort food, my hubby and I stopped by this particular Com Tam Thien Huong on a rainy Sunday afternoon. As a chain, there are multiple "Com Tam Thien Huong" restaurants in San Jose and while we have our normal go-to spot, we decided to go someplace different.  This particular restaurant is located in Grand Century Plaza, a super busy Asian mall with lots of food and jewelry stores. Weird combo, right? After some circling around, we were able to find a parking spot near the front entrance and quickly wrote our name down onto the waiting  list. Normally there is a bit of a wait, but the rain must have convinced a lot of people to stay home so we only had to wait for 5 minutes before we were finally called in.  The decoration of the restaurant is quite pleasing to the eye. Brightly lit with ornate woodwork and roomy booths, it is certainly one of the better-looking Vietnamese restaurants out there. Service, however, left much more to be desired. The servers just seemed incredibly unhappy which made for an awkward interaction, not to mention, at the end of our lunch, before my hubby and I barely put down our utensils, one of them came by with the cart of dirty dishes and started to throw things in. We understand they want a quick turnover of customers, but that was extremely off-putting.  However, it wasn\'t only the service that was abysmal, but also the problematic food. Firstly, my hubby chose the rice combo plate with BBQ shrimp and a fried shrimp cake while I got the pho with thinly sliced steak, regualr size. The portion of my bowl was great with a decent ratio of broth to noodles as well as lots of meat. But my hubby had exactly two SMALL pieces of shrimp on his plate. Seriously? That was a complete rip off.  I did like how the pho noodles were fresh thick noodles instead of the thinner ones. It adds another layer of texture to the dish. Unfortunately, the fat on the meat made the broth insanely oily, not exactly the light lunch I was hoping for. Even though my hubby had a  problem with the portion of his dish, at least the flavors didn\'t suffer, especially the shrimp that had a nice charred flavor. However, his bowl of broth was really oily as well.  So on top of the service and the terrible portions, my hubby and I were less than pleased. It looks like we will just stick to our original spot after all.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jasmine H.', '4', "Best place for Bun -Vietnamese cold noodles. Not so much for Hu Tieu. Their fresh rolls are huge! This place is empty at 2pm, with the lunch crowd long gone. We were seated promptly, and orders were taken immediately. I was craving for thick egg noodles, and ordered a Hu Tieu with thick egg noodles... I asked the waiter if they have thick version of the noodle, and he reassured me that they do. Husband ordered the Bun with spring roll and grilled chicken.  My Hu Tieu arrived with thin noodles and way too much sauce. It was too salty. Husband's Bun was huge in portion, delicious, and he was definitely rubbing that in my face. LOL."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lisa T.', '4', 'My family loves the rice plates here. I recently got the pho here and the broth is really good. I wish there was more meat though. Noodles were super fresh.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Van N.', '1', "Let's start with I'm Vietnamese, though I don't speak it well. I understand a lot of the norms and expectations out of restaurants like these. However today the service is very unacceptable that I will not be coming back. There was 2 people working the floor at 3pm, the first guy couldn't understand my broken Vietnamese and English so he has to grab the other lady. My friend had one slight customization in her meal, she wanted the beef pho broth but with chicken meat. They asked us to clarify what noodles we wanted and I said the pho thin noodles and not the ones in the Hu Tieu. I whisper to my friend that I bet they are going to mess this up because I didn't feel confident they weren't paying attention to what I was saying even after repeating myself. Our order came out relatively quickly and then realized it was the wrong noodles and the chicken inside were boiled chicken drumsticks? We went back and told them this was the wrong one and that they can go ahead and pack the wrong order to go (which I would eat) and get a new one with the thin pho noodles for my friend ( I know the drill they would argue with us and we are prob going to pay for it anyway) I was very patient and didn't eat my food to wait for hers to come out. We waited a while that we had to reach out for a refill on our water, he came back with a water jug and just left it on the table for us to refill-OK. I then made contact with the lady and she brought out the to go order-it was the correct order we originally wanted. I inquire that we wanted that order to eat here and pack the wrong order to go. A. You see me and my friend staring at each other and me not touching my food. B. We told you to make another one, why would she just simply ask for it to go and not eat anything when we came to a restaurant? I feel really terrible since my friend hadn't eaten anything all day. They really didn't make the situation any better, they did offer a plate because I told them we could share my food but she couldn't eat pork. With no resolutions I just went ahead and packed my food to go and left. I went up to pay, no apology. 4pm and basically still hungry.  Other things to note: -very hot in the restaurant, think AC is broken  -food was fine, nothing great -expensive $10+ for rice and noodle plates; deluxe rice plates are $16+  -pros they do take credit cards I understand an honest mistake but I just think it was a lack of caring."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Joanne Y.', '3', "I've been to better com tam places, BUT my favorite one off of Tully was closed. There are plenty of seats here and because we came around 8 PM, we were seated right away. I ordered #34 I believe which comes with broken rice, BBQ pork, shrimp cake, veggies and pickled veggies, and soup. I also ordered a fried egg and the egg cake. My boyfriend got the same but without the fried egg and egg cake, but they messed up and brought those out for him as well. I literally live for the soup while eating broken rice plates, but this place's soup was so salty :(  I think the fastest I've gulped down a meal was here because literally all the workers were staring at us to finish. One of the workers even had audacity to give us the bill when I wasn't even finished with half of my plate. Granted it was only 8:40 (they close at 9), yeah I was pretty annoyed."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nicky T.', '4', "Another classic restaurant from the Com Tam Thien Huong chain. From what I've seen, the most crowded. The place is fully-packed, table to table. Located inside the Grand Century Mall. Normal sized restaurant compared to its others, but because of its location, there are much more tables in the same area. It's a lot tighter in this one, as they try to maximize the space. It doesn't feel as cozy, but the food is still phenomenal. There is usually a waiting list, so let's hope you're lucky! Service is usual. Good, efficient, no complaints. Atmosphere is like a usual Vietnamese restaurant, LOUD. However, with this chain, you know you're getting a higher-end restaurant with better taste and better options. Just another classic Com Tam Thien Huong. Great-tasting food, with generous portions. **the only thing to worry about this particular restaurant is the waiting time. It's always crowded."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer M.', '4', 'Love, love, LOVE broken rice and all of the locations in the south bay. This location is connected to the Grand Century mall. It has the same menu, food tastes the same, and you get quick service. The difference, the place is crazy packed most of the time (especially weekends), the tables are really small and tightly packed together, and the place is not as clean as the Senter Road location.  Other than that, I love, love, LOVE me some broken rice! NOM NOM!!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jonathan T.', '3', 'So this place was a bit difficult to find. Also why are there like two other "Com Tam Thien Huong"\'s right in the same area??  Their broken rice has really interesting texture. I was expecting something more unique given the rave here about it, but it\'s just white rice with a grainier texture since the rice, for lack of better term, is broken.  I got the pork rice plate. The pork was delicious., really moist and tender and flavorful. The other stuff I didn\'t really care too much for. Bean curd, shrimp skewer, and some other stuff I don\'t remember. To me, it was too much going on in a plate.  Waiters here don\'t understand English very well so if you plan to order in that language be expected for them to change the waitstaff.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Isabella M.', '3', "I dined at this location 2 weeks ago with my parents. I am a sucker for Vietnamese food but I think this place need to brush up on their dishes. I got the grilled pork and rice with fried shrimp cake. The shrimp cake came out half cold and it was rubbery, not tasty at all. I then addressed the waiter and he got me another piece, took the old one in and threw it away (I already took a small bite). He didn't tell me that they were going to charge me for another piece on the bill. After I complained, they refused to take one off the bill. So in the end, I got ripped off, paying around 4 bucks for 2 pieces and only had one. Is that seriously how you treat your customer? The overall experience was fine but you guys really need to take responsibility for your mistakes. Don't lay the blame on your customers."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Brandon L.', '1', 'I do not consider myself a harsh critic, but my experience here has been honestly dreadful from the beginning. While the food itself had not much to complain about, our host crumpled up the waiting list without even checking to see if the names have been crossed off. I asked her to check my name once more and she walked away paying no attention to me. I had to ask her multiple times to open the list back up to finally show her my name that was uncrossed ( as well as other patrons ). Service is a shame.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Khanh T.', '1', 'If I can give zero star to this place I would do it. The customer service is extremely bad. I would never go to this location anymore. If you want a rice place, go to the other location that is near McLaughlin']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ter L.', '3', "HANDS DOWN THE BEST VIETNAMESE BBQ PORK BEING OFFERED!! I used to come here more freQuentLy but that's changed. With my most recent trip to Com Tam Thien Huong, i was reminded as to why i stopped coming.... We pLanned a very Last minute bday dinner for my mom and just wanted something deLicious and simpLe since our primary focus was to have the famiLy aLL under one roof. Our party consisted of 9 peopLe and 1 baby. ALthough we were immediateLy seated, everything eLse was just a disaster.  The gentLeman who took our order went around the tabLe and took our order individuaLLy. Being that our famiLy is more Americanized, most of them ordered by the item number. Fast Forward: The sides of soup started coming out first and we reaLized that there was a shortage of them. We poLiteLy fLagged one of the workers and he simpLy smiLed and waLked away (it was obvious that he couLdnt speak much EngLish so we had to fLag another person down). The food comes out and everyone is confused as to what was coming out. Yes, it was partiaLLy our fauLt for not being ontop of what our individuaL order numbers were but the guy couLd have made things a bit easier and showed us the pLates so we couLd figure it out- he just kept repeating the damn number!!! We figure out where the pLates beLonged and didnt reaLize that there were 2 pLates missing!! At this point Im pretty irritated so i approach the Lady standing at the register. i teLL her that two pLates are missing and we stand around trying to figure out what went wrong. The guy who initaLLy took our order was short one pLate so we had to add on another order to our biLL and had to just wait untiL the finaL two came out.  DeLicious food but im not too sure if its reaLLy worth the big headache, esp not if you're pLanning on coming in with a big group. This isnt the first time this has happened and aLthough the Lady at the register was nice, i honestLy wished we went eLsewhere."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ngan L.', '3', "Com tam Thien Huong is my family and I's go-to com tam place in the bay. But as recently, the quality of their food definitely decreased.  For $9.75(pretty reasonable), I ordered #52 which includes; Suon nuong(bbq grilled porkchop), bi(shredded pork), and cha( egg cake) which also comes with a side of soup. The grilled porkchop is my all time favorite because the meat is tender and perfectly marinated.Also, you can tell that it's grilled using charcoal because of the smokey/ burnt taste.  But, you get a very thing and small slice for one plate. The Bi was alright, it was bland and if you're Vietnamese, this isn't your flavorful bi. The cha was my least favorite. The ratio between the noodles and meat was off. I tasted more of the clear noodles than the meat, and it had a hard texture. I also got a fried egg to top it off and it was a perfect sunny-side up. The presentation is definitely on point but you don't get much for what you're paying. But of all the com tam places I've been to, thien huong will always have my heart"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Shannon L.', '1', "Rude staff! There was a small crowd in front of the restaurant and expected a wait. We put our name on the wait list and stood near the door. They skipped over our name purposefully! When asked about it she walked away with the crumpled paper! When asked about it she said they are gonna set it up! What was going on with her? There was no apology, just an apathetic finger pointing to the direction of our would be table. I don't go to pho/com tam places with high expectations of service because, let's be real, it's all about the food. But that was down right mean."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Khiet E.', '4', "They are known for their rice plate but I decided to ordered me some pho on a hot day, lol. I ordered the small pho tai chin. Good size portion of noodles and meat. This place is going busy so expect to write your name down and wait. Price was a small bowl of pho here was kinda price $8.75, but I guess it's the normal price now a days. I would love to come back and try their rice plate."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Brent T.', '4', "Ate lunch here just before attending a wedding ceremony.  This place is inside the Grand Century Mall in Little Saigon.  You can't miss this place if you're walking around inside because it smells FANTASTIC. We both had vermicelli bowls with grilled pork, and I also had an egg roll along with it.  For just under $12, we got a generous portion of everything, and it was all pretty tasty save for the egg roll which was fine but I wouldn't write home about it.  It came out relatively quickly which was helpful for us as we were running a little late. I've got one wish - that they had half sized portions for, say, maybe $8.  Other than that, no complaints whatsoever.  Really delicious food and still very affordable regardless."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ruby H.', '3', 'Food is good customer service is so bad they should take care of their customers instead of ignoring them or giving them attitude']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Bailey N.', '4', "I never really come into an authentic ethnic restaurant or Asian in this case expecting stellar service and to be waited on hand and foot.  So service aside, the review is strictly based on the food. Now living in SF where the only type of Vietnamese food served is $10 banh mi sandwiches or mediocre pho, coming to San Jose for Vietnamese food is a real treat for me.  Somewhere where I can get a variety of food from banh xeo to bank cuon go broken rice dish.  I ordered the grilled pork, shrimp, with fish cake broken rice dish and the portions were generous. My boyfriend had the Korean BBQ beef broken rice dish and the meat tasted great.  We had the nem nuong spring rolls to start off and it was one of the best I've had. I haven't been to any other broken rice restaurants so I've got nothing to compare but with what SJ has to offer and with affordable prices compared to SF, I got what I was looking for after the long travel down south."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vivian N.', '4', "My favorite place to eat com tam thit nuong. My family goes here a lot. I only took off a star because there were a couple of times where my meat was cold. However, it still tasted good, so it didn't matter much to me at that time. I was hungry."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Charlene T.', '5', 'I love Com Tam Thien Huong #73. It is so delicious. I can eat that every day. I definitely come back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nghiem N.', '5', 'We always come here when nearby. The service is quick and the food delicious. Sometimes there is a short wait but the staff does a great job of accommodating parties.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kelly T.', '1', "Service is Bull crap, food and drink is below average. I order the ramen but they gave me the rice noodles. I told them about that and they gave me half and half. -.-* not one person but two people, they forgot the addressing which I'm ok with forgetting serving the addressing but seriously? Not even real Vietnamese restaurant to me."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'James K.', '5', 'Easily one of the best Vietnamese restaurant in the Bay Area. Food is great. Price is reasonable. They have the best rice plate. Will definitely come back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Robert P.', '4', "I usually get broken rice plates for take out from here and it's delicious. My favorite sides are the fried shrimp in tofu skin, the grilled pork, and the shredded pork. I've also tried the pork loaf and the sugar cane shrimp but thought they were just ok. The last time I was here I ate in the restaurant and the food was (obviously) better than eating it as take out, especially since the fried shrimp in tofu skin was more crispy. The only downside was that the table I sat at didn't really have good airflow and felt really stuffy, but they were very accommodating in moving us."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jenny N.', '5', "definitely the best tasting and most authentic north vietnam beef pho i've had in cali and i'm from vietnam so you should trust me!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica Y.', '4', "Came here for com tam, left full and very satisfied. I got the bbq pork with shredded pork skin and egg cake. Food came out quickly and service was efficient. One thing about this place is that the fish sauce smell is quite strong so if you aren't a fan, you might want to try another place. I personally don't mind it and drench my rice with that stuff haha"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ivy V.', '1', 'We ordered "Com ga hai nam" but it had an pleasant smell. Then we asked a server to change that. They didn\'t seem happy when we asked. We would never come back to this place again.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Peter N.', '4', "One of my favorite places to get com tam.  The rice is not overly dry like some places, the meats are marinated well, and the other sides are just great.  I always get the com tam bi, cha, thit nuong.  Prices aren't too bad, but a bit more on the pricey side for Vietnamese food.  Staff are ok, not too much to say about them.  Overall I just like this place for their food."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jamie B.', '4', "Currently one of my favorite broken rice spots! We've been here a few times and generally get a bbq pork or short rib plate; the serving size is more than enough for one person. The sugarcane shrimp and pork spring rolls are also a must. The location itself is within the mall. Though usually packed, there's plenty of parking in front or around the corner. Don't expect a 5-star experience, it's a Vietnamese restaurant in a Vietnamese plaza - you're gonna smell fish sauce and hear a ton of gossip in the background. Overall, one of my go-tos!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mylinh V.', '4', "The com tam here is delicious and the portions are huge. I always get the special plate combinations when I come here.  The special combination plate comes with a choice of BBQ meat, egg meat loaf, shrimp in bean curd, sugarcane wrapped with shrimp paste, shredded pork, and vegetables. They also give you a soup on the side so that it is not too dry. The only downside about this place is the service is pretty bad because they are so busy they forget you're there. Also, the food gets a bit too oily. Overall, I really like this restaurant to get com tam and it's definitely worth a try if you're near the area."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Brenda L.', '4', "I love the Southern Viet food here! Their hieu tieu seafood co is really tasty with prettily cut tender squid, crab claw and some shrimp. I also like their com tam plates with an added sunny-side up egg. The only thing that sucks is the expensive drinks. A soda chanh is $4 here which is the same price as their sinh to (smoothie). Service is prompt, the restaurant is clean and not stuffy (like the 1 across the street) and the charbroiled pork (thit nuong) in the com tam (broken rice plate) is super flavorful and tender. I wish they gave more cucumber and pickled carrots but aside from that, the dish was perfect. This place has a location right outside of this shopping plaza. I haven't tried their other one but my family tends to like this place best because of its convenient location inside Dynasty shopping plaza and the larger parking lot."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Steph F.', '4', "This is our go to place for combination rice plates. I usually keep it simple and order the grilled pork with shredded pork and the nem nuong rolls (pork spring rolls) as an appetizer to share. My Vietnamese friends have said they are comparable to Brodards in Southern California There's always a wait whenever I'm here on the weekends no matter what time of day. Luckily, they have opened up multiple locations in the area which helps a bit. Customer service is average and the food doesn't take too long to come out. This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat at Grand Century. Don't forget to stop by Century Bakery next door for a freshly made green waffle for dessert."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Michelle L.', '2', "Food was okay, nothing that really stands out to me. I personally don't think it was worth the price (it ranges from 10 to 15 dollars per broken rice plate). They do give decent portions but the staff is unprofessional. They are sitting around the tables talking loudly in Vietnamese and stare at all the customers eating, talk about uncomfortable.  There is a strong fish sauce smell throughout the restaurant but I mean, its not as bad as it sounds. The tables are kind of greasy.  Tbh, the whole experience was just unpleasant. From the loud talking to the banging of dishes (someone couldn't handle putting them away, based on what an employee screamed across the room when they yelled at the other employee, lol), I would say I wouldn't come back for a very long time. To be fair, most Vietnamese restaurant around the area are like this but even to those standards, they still far below it in terms of customer service. Like at least try to uphold to the standard customer service level."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'L H.', '2', "Not worth the wait or the $$. Arrived at 11:30am on a Saturday with a party of 8 (plus a very cute 1-year-old). Waited 30+ minutes for a table, then another 10 minutes before a server came by to take our orders. The food came out on a scattered schedule, and there was probably 15 minutes between the time they brought out the first person's dish and the time they brought out the last person's  dish. Ordered #67, and they brought out a plate minus the grilled shrimp. Kept telling our server it was missing the shrimp, and he said it was coming out. A few minutes later, atop a big plate, was ONE shrimp! Inquired with the waiter if the dish came with only one shrimp, and he said it was how it's served. Hmmm...,a little bit of-disclosure: I am always looking at Yelp reviewers' photos (thank you, Yalpers!), and every single dish in which there is grilled shrimp comes with at least 2 shrimps. My dish was also missing fried pig cracklings that makes the true com tam. I am very disappointed with the dishonesty and the terrible experience here. Also, very disappointed by the lack of pickled vegetables on each plate. Waters were never refilled. Bathrooms are single-stall and dirty. This business does not care about their customers' opinions."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Khoa V.', '1', 'Absolutely the worst experience. The waiter in glasses was impatient and unprofessional. Screwing up our order is one thing but being borderline RACIST right in front of us!!! At the end, my in-laws had to wonder "did they mistreat us because we are not Vietnamese?". Lost our business. Period.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Janicia T.', '1', "So I politely asked for a sprite & never got it, then the waitress spilled hot soup on my friends leg. I had to ask for a bag of ice also they didn't even replace the sauce, i had to ask. ALSO didn't even check to see if we needed water refilled, the least they could've done was give her some kind of discount or free drink because the soup was HOT, usually go here with my family but not anymore ."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ryan T.', '4', "Delish!!!! I love com tam and their pho here is pretty decent too ;)) their drinks take forever and it's usually crowded but the restaurant is beautiful and I love the energy here. If you love rice plates come thru here."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany N.', '3', 'So maybe its because I\'m from LA but the prices here are ridic! and the portions are even more ridic. Service was whatever, the guy kept saying "hello" a bunch of times whenever he wanted attention so I mean, I guess "excuse me" doesn\'t work. The lady at the register was yelling at someone in the kitchen. Food took forever to fully arrive. I\'ll pass on this place.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Johnny T.', '1', 'Taking wifey and my 22 months daughter to this store and HELL NO I will come back or recommend to anyone this store. Their customer services so bad , when we walk in they acting like they were from another dimension alien long faces and ignore seeing us; we have to choose tables and sit down .... the guy came gave us menu not even ask if we need a high chair for my baby or whatsoever.. I have to ask them twice. Finally the food came and they forgot about my wife order.. I ask the guy" he answers like a big bear man with grown beards tough tones voice angry face and like he is a Gorilla big chests on top of the empire building in New York 1920 movie..." ohhhh...sowieee achout that, it chill chome out zoon oki, no wochii oki ..grrr " WTF.. I though I am talking to a no man land or lost in the jungle..  These guys need go back to school for customer services management if they want to keep their business not loosing customers... This is sure ruin the Vietnamese community business and their reputations . I am sure others gave them 3-4 stars probably their friends or faking accounts to give this place good . Another worse Vietnamese food services in America. I am Vietnamese as well but these places like this gave me not wasting my time to come back at all.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Thuy N.', '2', 'Even though the food is good. The service still sucks at this location. Well nothing changed over the years.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mandy D.', '5', "Thien Huong has always been my favorite com tam place here in NorCal. Amazingly flavored pork chop, broken rice and fish sauce that go perfectly well together. What's more? Today we also discovered that their Pho is legit and super authentic. We were taken aback by the right type of pho noodle used, well-balanced broth and high quality oxtail. Would love to come back for more!! There is a waiting line every time I come but it sure moves fast, so don't be discouraged. Thumbs up to the efficient service!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Paul C.', '3', "I went here for dinner tonight as it was my first trip back to San Jose in over 10 years. My bro in-law told us about this place so we got here early since we heard it gets busy here. He orders us the bbq pork with shrimp cake plate and it came with a side of lettuce and pickled carrots and radish as well as a heap of rice. We also got the pork spring rolls and it came with this sauce I can't explain but it tastes savory. We also got a soup but I had no idea what it was. I only tried a few spoonfuls. Wasn't bad. I did enjoy the bbq pork. It tasted like it was marinated similar to Korean bbq short ribs. It was quite good. Service was so-so. My bro in-law told the lady worker to get us waters and we got our food fast but no water. We had to get a male worker that served our food to get us water. He seemed nice even though I don't speak a word of Vietnamese. Overall I liked my meal and I would return if I'm ever in the San Jose area again."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tina N.', '4', "This is my go-to place for rice plates! Service here can be a hit or miss and I've had good days here and meh days, but food is always consistent and good. :) Boyfriend always get the combo plate #70, which basically offers everything (fried tofu wrapped shrimp cake, egg cake, shrimp cake on sugarcane,  shredded pork) with bbq pork. I don't remember what number I get but it's usually thit nuong with tau hu ky (bbq pork with fried tofu wrapped shrimp cake).  All rice plates come with a side of warm broth, which is always nice. Also, if you ever want the bun (vermicelli) with something else like tau hu ky or chao tom, you can just request it. I'm pretty sure you can ask for any variation of anything you want that they have on the menu if it doesn't have it's own number. Just ask! You pay at the front register when you're done and they accept card!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dee N.', '4', "Solid, special combo plates are getting pricey but that's everywhere I guess. Still good!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mark F.', '4', "I love this place! I'm a big fan of Bun ga nuong and they do it right! It's a huge bowl of vermicelli noodles with daikon and radish and a eggroll and awesome grilled chicken. It's so good mixed up with the fish sauce...     Nem Nuong, man they make it so good. Its the Vietnamese spring rolls with pork sausage, fresh mint, some crunchy wonton wrapper, daikon, carrots, all wrapped up in a rice paper wrapper. Served up with a vat of tasty peanut sauce for dipping this is quickly becoming one of my favorite foods.     The location of this place in a mall is kind of weird but it is one of the nicer places in this mall and everything I've tried here has been very tasty. Give them a try!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Krystal G.', '1', "Service: One of the waitress here has to learn what patience is. We literally just got a table for less than 5 mins and he already came and asked us about the order. Well thats ok if he didn't do it every minute then got flustered when we are not ready. I'm sorry but that's quite annoying.  Food: I can't say much, they are just ok, nothing special."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Brandon V.', '4', "My awesome vietnamese friend took me here 2 weeks ago. The spring rolls with pork that have the green onion sticking out of the end were insanely good, and their bun bowls are super fresh. Great grilled pork charred on skewers, etc. one of the best bun bowls i've had in the bay area hands down."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Cindy M.', '4', "I love this! I got the bbq pork chop and grilled shrimp rice plate. I usually get pork chop all the time but this place specifically knows what they are doing. The meat is evenly marinated, and the grilled shrimp is very tasty too! This place is located inside the mall, inside the plaza of vietnam town. So wait is not too long but you'll definitely feel like you're in Asia fosho.  Yummy asian food! Awesome place and def will come back since it's pretty affordable too! Rice is lyfe"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Emily C.', '4', "Came here today (President's day) around 11:30 and the place already had a line. Always a good sign! Waited about 15-20 minute which wasn't too bad. Food court and a bakery is within the plaza just in case you get hungry, lol. This restaurant is inside Grand Century Plaza. We ordered: Nem nuong cuon: which was a $7.50 for 4. Seemed kinda pricey if you think of the price per roll.. but I just had 2 and it was actually pretty darn satisfying, I was nearly full by then, lol. It comes with a good-sized bowl of sauce! Which I'm not sure exactly what was in it, but it was good.. Broken rice plate: (one with chicken, one with pork chop). $12.50 per special combo plate but the portion is HUGE. For reference, we came with 2 guys and myself (small girl) and we actually only ate two nem nuong cuon each and broke into one plate only. The plate comes heaping, brah. My favorite part of it was the grilled shrimp w/ sugarcane. :) The service was great, food came fast, just signal down a waiter if you need anything. Go up to pay. (LOVE IT, so efficient!) Definitely would come again when I visit SJ! Cheap & decent. Left satisfied fo' shoo."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dave N.', '4', "I always come here for takeout after getting my haircut at Helen's and a sugarcane juice. Com tam is great for a good hearty meal, and Thien Huong doesn't fail to deliver. I'm a carnivore, so I'm a fan of paying a little extra for the meat combos (#70-73). You get a lot of meat for sure. I think Thien Huong cooks their meat differently - their thit nuong definitely has a different spice, cut and cook to it. And I'm not sure I've ever seen sugarcane shrimp take the long and thin route. But different is great and I'm always down to eat.  I am slightly peeved I don't get soup by default and have to pay extra. Not every store skimps out like that, but it's something I can live with.  There are literally two other com tam joints across the street, but for the sake of convenience and not having to drive, I'm happy with what I got."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Andrew G.', '2', "Updated 9/6/15 Came again to see if it changed, same luck but now their were bones in all the meat (don't know if it's normal). Also found that they used flat noodles not sure if this is normal either. Other then that The soup base was pretty good. The rice dishes were very good. So to recap this is not the place for pho. But seems like the place for rice dishes."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Derek S.', '4', 'Came by for lunch the other day and lunch was on point. The interior is quite nice and service was very good. The bathrooms were clean too. Started off with the Nem Nuong and they were decent. Brodard down in Westminster is the gold standard as these were pre-made and left in the fridge. Moved on to the grilled pork & egg roll vermicelli which had huge portions. The grilled pork was flavorful and tender while the egg roll was decent, although it had slightly too much taro...']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'MyTien P.', '4', "Some people from my company were craving Vietnamese food and wanted to get a taste of what East Side San Jose food tastes like. We decided to come here for lunch and we enjoyed every bite of it! I ordered #14 which was the broken rice with short ribs and shrimp in sugar cane. The portions were huge and no one from my table was able to finish their food. Nonetheless everything was really tasty and the short ribs were delicious. The shrimp in sugar cane was my favorite part and I wish the dish came with more of it. We also ordered the Nem Nuong here and it was pretty decent compared to Brodards! My table walked out of the restaurant being really happy and satisfied.  I will definitely come back here if I'm ever craving Com Tam for lunch. They also accept card which is an awesome perk!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Eric C.', '5', "Really liked it. Got #54 with egg for ~$14 (see the attached photo) and I enjoyed my meal! Includes chicken broth soup. Food was delicious, service was quick. Went the around lunch time and didn't have to wait. Would come here again!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stephen W.', '4', "On my return trip from Santa Barbara, we decided to stop by San Jose for some dinner. We decided to come to this place to see if it's any good!  I ordered a rice plate with BBQ chicken and shrimp cakes. The plate they brought out was humongous!! The chicken was pretty good and so was the shrimp cake. Chicken wasn't dry at all and had good flavors.  The biggest downside of this place is their price. Most Vietnamese restaurants I've been to have rice plates that are much cheaper. Even though the plate and portion looks large, that still didn't justify the price. I would much rather pay for a smaller plate for smaller portions."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer T.', '4', "I love the rice plates here. I got the special #17 or something, which comes with an egg roll, shrimp and sugar cane, meat, egg cake (?). It was more than enough food so I took a portion home for lunch the next day. Service was a little slow with getting the orders out but the restaurant was packed when I went. They're quick to clear tables to get you seated. My only problem is spending $15 for lunch. Yes it's a lot of food but for what you get I'm not sure it's worth it. They have pho and other noodle bowls here as well but I was debating on whether to get something the restaurant isn't particularly well known for. I would recommend this place if you like rice plates. My brother got the one with rib meat and said it was delicious. Great place if you have a big appetite, love rice, and want to eat a thousand of one thing."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Edwin R.', '4', 'Nem Nuong Cuon is a must here!  They make it the best!  They come real close to Broadard down in OC (Westminster) but not quite.  I come here just for this roll and it\'s absolutely delicious!  Their "Hainan" style chicken is very good too and they have a secret recipe with their rice.  They recently opened another new location over at CAPITOL EXPRESSWAY so that will be my next place to checkout.  There are two (2) locations here off on Story.  There is the one inside the Century Mall - and the "standalone" right across "PHAT TRI" - (banh mi sandwich place).  Both are good but the standalone is faster!   PS - cash only like most Vietnamese and Asian restaurants here in San Jose! Cheers!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Richard Y.', '3', 'Coming to this place reminded me of when I use to come here when I was younger. Family get together on Sundays to eat rice plates when rice plates were always my favorite thing to eat. Coming back I definitely feel like the portion sizes have substantially decreased I mean paying 12.95 for a rice plate that has almost everything on it, is a reasonable price but overall wise the amount of meat and rice and bi given as far as portion size is small. As far as quality of food wise it is still good but call it average from all other places.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Scott K.', '2', "I didn't like their pho here very much...They used a type of noodle that was wide and soft that I did not care for. Their broth also tasted kind of sour and oily. My family LOVES pho and this was not the pho-nomenal experience we were looking for. Looking around the restaurant, it looked like we made the wrong choice because people were eating mainly non-pho rice dishes which is probably what they're known for. End of story: don't get the pho here."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Randy F.', '4', "After a return visit, I can see why Com Tam Thien Huong (and any of their three locations) are the favorite rice plate choice for many.  I'm still partial to Com Tam Dat Thanh, but there are several things that Com Tam Thien Huong does differently and that make them stand out. 1) They serve Nem Nuong Cuon or Grilled Pork Spring Rolls.  Arguably, they are among the best versions we have up here in NorCal.  Perhaps not as great as Brodard, but pretty darn good.  The sauce and freshness stand out. 2) Their grilled pork is perfection.  You can order it in the rice place and it's small cuts of pork that are grilled just enough to be juicy and flavorful.  The grilled pork at Com Tam Dat Thanh has never been anything I've paid attention to, but it really is the star here.  I imagine the grilled pork banh mi at Com Tam Thien Huong's sister banh mi store next door is excellent as well. 3) Portion sizes are nowhere near as large as Com Tam Dat Thanh, but everything tastes super fresh.  The shredded pork skin tastes like home made and the steamed egg cake tastes like it's freshly made.  I'd say Com Tam Dat Thanh's pork skin is a step below although their fried bean cake and sugarcane shrimp are top. Overall, I am liking Com Tam Thien Huong.  The grilled pork spring rolls and rice plate combo is a good one and when I don't want a million great toppings (like at Com Tam Dat Thanh), I'll head here. Com Tam Thien Huong is cash only."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Phi N.', '4', 'Came in and tried the Hu Tieu. I ordered with both types of noodles and broth on the side. It was delicious. Very generous portion size. Our waitress (who might even be the owner) was super nice and friendly.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vanessa K.', '4', "BBQ PORK FTW! It's not bbq pork like you think it is (chinese bbq pork or american bbq pork). I was skeptical too, how can it be good? It's just bbq pork. I was wrong. This bbq pork is on a skewyer and cooked on the skewer. The pork is flavorful (full of umami) and it's juicy. It goes really well with the broken rice. I've been craving since I've last had it (why is San Jose so far from me?). The beau had regular pork chop over the rice and that was not as good.  Another item that is famous here is the spring roll, or the cold egg roll. It's okay. The sauce is okay. It's not your typical peanut/hoisen sauce. Wasn't a fan. One thing that I do have to complain about though is the price. WTF?!?1 Isn't Vietnamese food supposed to be cheap?! Isn't it supposed to be $6-7 a person? These rice dishes were closed to $9-10/person. Give me a break!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Bobby L.', '4', 'Not quite "My last meal on Earth" status.  But I\'d definitely give them the honor of "My first meal after a week of fasting" status.      The amount of recent crowds tell me they are still a leader in Com Tam.   My favorites are #42 (BBQ pork) and #45 (BBQ beef rib) with fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, egg cake, and grilled shrimp on sugarcane.  Quality, taste, and quantity stands out and sets them apart from other restaurants in the South Bay.   And plates come out lightning quick.  Like I haven\'t even finished ordering, and the food\'s already in front of me.  Beware....the strong aromas can induce hunger, and also stick on your clothes the rest of the day.   Oh well, It\'s a risk worth taking!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'P P.', '4', 'Best place to go getting "Cm tm"  is all always my favorites all times :). Never disappointed']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kim W.', '5', 'Yum yum yum....love their variety of broken rice combos and the canh bun!  The wait gets long on the weekends FYI']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anthony L.', '4', "We stopped in for lunch last week for some good Vietnamese food. It was pretty easy to find a parking space during the lunch hour as there is a very big parking lot in the shopping center. We got up to the front door and there wasn't a wait at all. The waiter showed us to our table and gave us our menus. We ordered a rice plate with BBQ pork and a chicken plate with the white chicken. We also ordered Vietnamese coffee and the spring rolls. There was a lot of food and I found the BBQ rice plate dish pretty tasty. The price is pretty much in line with other Vietnamese restaurants in the area."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nathalea N.', '1', "Don't come here if you're looking for a good service. My friends and I came here and they watched us eat. The lady sat next to our table, faced us and just stared...Who does that?  They didn't give us water until we asked, maybe 10 minutes after we were seated. We also had to remind them to refill it for us. Our server didn't even fill our glass for us, he merely set the pitcher down on our table then left. When we went to pay, the lady gave us an attitude. She kept glaring and kept saying stuff under her breath. This place is full of rude staff members who doesn't know how to treat their customers properly. To sum it up, this is NOT A GOOD PLACE!!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jack N.', '1', 'The waiter moved my stroller because it was in his way. His hands are dirty and there was a purse on it. Very very rude. The food was super salty. I am never ever coming back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hao T.', '1', "Just because your are busy doesn't mean you skimp on the beat... Wtf!!! Come on guys, you will slowly lose business's win this!!!!! Very unacceptable"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Crystal H.', '1', 'Terrible service. While they waited on the table next to us like they were royalty, we were treated like flies on the wall. Had to ask them for water and the waitress responds in an exasperated tone, "What else do you guys want now?!" We hadn\'t even asked them for a single thing!!  I understand that Asian restaurants aren\'t known for 5-star service, but wow this lady was rude.  Food is nothing amazing either, you can find com tam of similar quality at a dozen other places in the SJ area. And it\'s more expensive here too... Overall, a definite hard pass.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stephanie T.', '1', "Hands down the rudest service I've ever come in contact with. I've been going here for some time now but they've lost my business after today."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Louis H.', '4', 'This restaurant is located in the Grand Century Shopping Center. It is a Pho serving Vietnamese style eatery. The Pho broth is flavorful and the meat tender and plentiful.  Service is fast. A good deal for those that want volume. And some pretty tasty pho.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Chau L.', '4', 'I went here on a Saturday night with my family and we each ordered a broken rice dish. It also came with a small bowl of soup on the side. I was expecting the food not going to be as good as usual but everything was up to standard. The portion was actually big enough to share for two people and I did share it with my mom and we were both full. Service was pretty attentive and they were pretty nice about two of us sharing the same dish.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'foodiewithadrawl S.', '4', 'Com Tam (broken rice) with BBQ pork. Yum!  Also pork rolls are huge with good sauce.  In grand century mall.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Brent K.', '5', "This is as good as it's going to get in Vietnamese cruising ! third time here and all the dishes i had was very good. This restaurant is very popular so expect a wait at prime time. Will be back ! DELICIOUS !!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jackie D.', '2', "Food was decent. Nice portion sizes.  Low star rating because the service was very lacking.   We got the wrong order twice, that was meant for other tables.  The servers looked like they were lost and confused on whose dish was who. Servers also looked at us weird when we asked for straws for our drinks.  When we asked for chopsticks because we didn't have it at our table, they looked at us like it was our fault."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Donna T.', '3', "TL;DR? Unfortunately the only decent mediocre com tam bi around in SJ. When we are craving for broken rice dishes, we come here but secretly cringe inside. Everything about this place- food and service especially- are subpar and until there's a better alternative, I'm stuck coming here for my cravings. (2.5 Stars) Location, Ambiance: A Food Quality, Service: B Prices: C I remember the FIRST TIME Com Tam Thien Huong (CTTH) opened. My family and I tried it out and it was a terrible disaster. Service was appalling, food portions were tiny, and taste was completely bland and void of flavor. Needless to say, we did not visit the establishment again until a year later or so. Now CTTH revamped and improved itself. Somehow they managed to infuse some kind of addictive narcotic into their foods because it is insanely popular now. It is so popular that there is a second restaurant one block away smh and other locations throughout San Jose/Bay Area.  My most recent experience was somewhat lackluster and unimpressive again. We arrived during Saturday lunch and the wait was about half an hour moreso. The restaurant inside Grand Century is medium-sized but not enough to accommodate the masses. Because they were so busy, service was a complete miss. It was impossible to flag down a server for anything. I ordered the Com Tam Bi Ga Nuong Tau Hu Ky (Broken Rice with Shredded Pork, BBQ Chicken, and Bean Curd). Overall the BBQ chicken was very flavorful and savory because the juices were still present and not overcooked. However my only gripe is that the chicken was as big as my hand (which isn't that big...) I wish for the amount of money I paid ($8++) there was more BBQ chicken! The shredded pork and bean curd were mediocre and tasted somewhat saltier than usual. I finished most of the dish which is a red flag because usually I can't finish a whole plate of com tam by myself and take about 1/3rd or 1/4th of the foods home.  Interior decorations are beautiful as it presents an unified Asian-theme with portraits, fake plants, and Buddhist items placed sporadically throughout the restaurant. Safe to say, I only frequent this place when my dad gets the com bi munchies."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Patterson N.', '3', 'This place is in the Asian mall, nice atmosphere ,friendly service but the Porkchop was only 3 cm thick.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Liz N.', '4', 'Love this joint for their broken rice and porky spring rolls. Service is standard not great but not terrible either. Restaurant is clean and they take credit card!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ivy T.', '4', 'First time visiting San Jose and my host took me here!  They love this place and there is more than 1 location, but this one is the best of them all.  We ordered the combo plate which was plenty of food!  I was overly stuffed after finishing this meal.  I would say it reminded me of a home cooked comfort food.  Fast service!  I loved how they gave you a side of broth (which was slightly salty).  Worth the try.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Alicia L.', '3', 'But why...? Over the last few months, this place has gotten shady 180. Their portions have gotten smaller and their prices have gone up. Please stop. The food is good in terms of flavor. Although...this past weekend...i\'m starting to have a sketch feeling about this place as my stomach started to act weird afterwards. I had the BBQ chicken, grilled shrimp, and fried shrimp cake (#68). Chicken appeared to be "half eaten" and I got ONE grilled shrimp. The only reason why i\'d come back to this place is because my bf lives off of com tam.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tyreek N.', '5', 'What more can I say?  This is the place to go to for legit vietnamese rice plates with all the grilled variety of meats and toppings!  I believe their chargrilled marinated pork is the standard for the vietnamese bbq treat!  On point every time!   Authentic food served fast and made exactly the way you ask for it!  Don\'t forget to add an egg aka "opla" on your rice dish to top it off with a bang.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Veda T.', '4', "I am such a big fan and will always be a big fan of Com Tam Thien Huong. This is the only location of theirs I go to because the interior is newer and cleaner than the one on Senter Road. The decor makes this place memorable! My go-to meals are the Bun Thit Nuong (vermicelli noodles with pork) or I share the Com Tam Dac Biet that has all the goodies (egg cake, pork skin, pork, shrimp cake, and shrimp on the sugarcane). They don't skimp out on the meat here! Every item in the Com Tam Dac Biet is yummmers! I am never disappointed when dining here because the food is very comforting unlike at Com 90. Bleh don't even get me started on that place. You will never leave hungry or dissatisfied.   The staff is always super friendly and treat you like family, especially when you come here as often as my family does."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hieu H.', '3', "Located in the Century Plaza Mall, Com Tam Thein Huoung is probably the most popular restaurant in the shopping center and you'll recognize it by all of the angry, hungry, impatient Vietnamese people in front of it.  With no semblance of a queue, it almost feels like it's a free-for-all to get a table as the server starts calling out people's names from a notepad that has the wait list.   Be prepared to wait!   Once we were finally seated, I performed the ultimate restaurant faux pas.  Instead of ordering the dishes the restaurant is known for - broken rice with grilled pork, I opted for the oxtail pho with tendon.  Bad Idea! The appetizer of nem nuong spring rolls is comparable to the ones at Brodard's in Orange Country, but I prefer the latter's better.  Meat wasn't as tough and the crab sauce wasn't as thin. Our two-top table was pulled from a longer table, so there wasn't any condiments for my pho..or soup spoon..or even chopsticks.  It took a while for me to finally flag down a server to get chopsticks and by then my noodles were over-cooked.  The tendon seemed to have been plopped down into my bowl as an afterthought. Usually it's sliced up, but I received two huge unappetizing chunks.   We also ordered a plate of broken rice (Com Tam) with grilled pork chop and BBQ shrimp, which was good, but not great.  My mom could have cooked better, and she does!   Overall, service was horrendous.  Definitely stick to the rice dishes."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Suzie Q.', '4', 'oops i meant to post my photos to this place but posted at their Senter location, not sure how to undo this. Sorry guys! nice clean plce, great customer service, food was brought within 5 mins or so. loved their Buddha statue at front entrance. they stuck 2 hundred dollar bills n 2 $50 bill  on their register...making it easier to rob for those interested.  Food taste the same all their many other locations. their food are alway good. I love their com tam (rice combo plate). their spring rolls were too chewy for me. the ingreds in the spring rolls were fresh tho. they need to use a thinner n less chewy rice paper.  service is decent.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Annie L.', '4', 'I really love this place for broken rice (com tam). My review is mainly for the combo grilled pork (number 70), since I only ever order this apart from a sweet bean drink every once in a while. It\'s located in the lions plaza, and I came here once a long time ago with a friend, but can\'t remember what I got. I usually go here with my parents when I visit them, and it always hits the spot when I am craving com tam.  The price pretty much reflects the portion sizes, at least for what I order. I think it is probably on the higher end for com tam considering it has a more "nice restaurant" vibe to it when compared to other sit down Vietnamese food places. For what I order- the number 70, broken rice combo with grilled pork- it comes with a lot of different things, all very tasty and enjoyable. There was nothing I disliked about this dish. I usually don\'t finish the whole thing, but I also don\'t share because I eat most of it lol.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stanley S.', '3', "Trying out the Nem Nuong here for the second time. I think it's decent. There are two components to that tell me how good the nem nuong is... 1. The roll 2. The sauce This place, the roll was fine but I thought the sauce was very unsatisfying. It wasn't flavorful, nor did it have a thick consistency to help it stick onto the roll. If Brodard's in LA is a 10, this would be a 6.  I also got one of the com tam plates. BBQ pork with Shrimp on a sugarcane. I thought that the pork and shrimp were both good, though the portions are kind of dinky. They give you a lot of rice, but not as much meat as I'd like."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Athena L.', '5', "Yawm yawm yawm....! I still haven't found a place in San Francisco that serves delicious Com Tam...but then again, maybe I haven't looked hard enough.. because this place serves everything I crave for!  I don't eat much [regular, white] rice at home, but if I'm here, I can finish the entire plate of food. In fact, I like broken rice soo much, that if you gave me a plain bowl of it with some nuoc mam without any meat or veggies, I'd kill it. Something about the texture that's so perfect with some sauce.  Anywho, everything I've had here is great; chicken, beef (Korean style?), pork, bi, nem nuong, shrimp cakes, shrimp with sugercane and whatever else I can't remember. It all depends on what you like or feel like eating! Each time I came here, there was a wait. And it seems as though most of their employees speak Vietnamese only, but I'm sure if you said in English or point to the number you wanted...they'd understand!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Maii H.', '5', "Hands down they have the best broken rice/ com tam in town. Com tam thien huong has been around but recently their com tam has been a hit. There thit nuong and ga nuong is on point. Not a lot of places make good thit nuong. Its all depend on how they marinated. But overall I love their com tam!  What's good: thit nuong, ga nuong, tau hu ky is a must !!!!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Linda L.', '4', 'I absolutely love their rice noodles with grilled pork and an egg roll. Loaded with fresh veggie and perfectly marinated grilled pork. The flavors really compliment each other. The balance between the fish sauce, rice noodles, and all the veggies and grilled pork is a perfect harmony and the enroll just gives it an extra crunchy savory kick. Their rice plates are good too. I always have a hard time picking so I always get the combination plate ( they have I think 4 different kinds : grilled chicken, pork chops, spareribs, and grilled pork) like the little piggy I am. Their portions are huge and you could easily share the entree. And if you order a rice dish it comes with a complimentary soup on the side.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dennis W.', '4', 'I have walked by Com Tam Thien Huong, located in the Grand Century Mall, at least two dozen times and never thought to try them out until we decided to try a restaurant that was known for their broken rice besides our usual San Jose spots. I wanted to compare how relatively good(or not) this place is to my favorite broken rice joint so I went with what I usually order there, which was their #13(Bbq chicken and shrimp wrapped over a sugarcane stick) and I can tell you I am impressed. The bbq chicken was flavorful and tender, and the shrimp was juicy. The broken rice was a tad on the dry side but nonetheless still solid. We also shared an order of the spring rolls and this too was very solid. The shrimp was meaty and had a nice ratio of vegetables. I would easily give this a top five spring roll rating(in my experience). The decor and ambiance is definitely a bit more upscale and spacious than my usual broken rice restaurant and the pricing was reasonable. I now have two go to broken rice restaurants in the San Jose area(Com Tam Dat Thanh on Tully Rd. being the other).']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'David Dat T.', '4', "I'm from SF and my family always come here for lunch when we visit SJ. We especially come to this location because we tried other places and it was not the same. We usually get the special rice plates because it has everything in one order. Sometime the wait is long but come early and you can be in and out. I love the broken rice, the deep fried shrimp tofu, grilled meat, and the bi. I could careless about the sugar cane shrimp. It is alright to me. I love their picked veggies. Reminds me of Vietnam. Sometime I feel the service is too rushy, but the food comes out fast."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hana S.', '3', "I love viet rice plates since being introduced to them by my Vietnamese roomie, so I figured I would come here to satisfy my craving.  The food was really good but the portions for the good stuff, like the meat, was really small :( I loved the rice and you get a pretty good heaping of it on your plate but my friend who ordered the bbq pork and bbq shrimp with shrimp cake literally got ONE PIECE OF SHRIMP on his plate...wtf!!? It was a tiny shrimp too, looked like a third of a whole shrimp. For $10.75 (or so) this is really disappointing. He also only got two pieces of the bbq pork so overall his plate looked like a sad and lonely dinner. I got the rice plate with shredded pork skin, BBQ beef and egg cake. Really enjoyed all the food but again, the portion for the pork skin was small...if I'm paying the prices for these plates I expect a little more food on my plate :(  Gaah I really wanted to like this place but I guess I won't be coming back...giving a three instead of a two because the food did taste really good, just crappy portion sizes"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'S B.', '4', 'Overall 4.5 Stars ~ Yummy authentic Vietnamese broken rice plate in Grand Century Mall in San Jose. Staff does not speak and understand English well.  If you know what you are ordering, just let them know the number you want to order and you are good to go. Ordered the special combination rice plate with beef ribs ~ really YUMMY, best I have ever tried so far.  Liked everything I have tried, the the shrimp cake wrapped in Tofu skin, egg and meat cake, shrimp meat wrap sugar cane, and the beef ribs.  Everything perfect combination.  This is a must try place if you like authentic Vietnamese broken rice and the price is fairly reasonable.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mindy K.', '4', "Hu Tieu here can be compared to the Hu Tieu at Dalat (my favorite place for Hu Tieu so far)  It is cheaper and smaller portioned here, but almost just as good.  Glad to find another place for good Hu Tieu. The rice dish was awesome.  I got the special that came with many different side items.  Everything was delicious.  Maybe the dish needs more rice.  I didn't have enough rice to eat with all the sides.   I've been here many times and am never disappointed."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mark D.', '4', "I could not tell the difference between this location and the newest location on Aborn and Capitol.  They are equally good as far as taste, portion size, service, and ease of parking.  This location is in the mall and the decor is more traditional. Any of their broken rice plates are delicious but the one that really sets this place apart is the BBQ pork.  If you couple it with the shrimp cake, you can't go wrong."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Auden W.', '3', "The place here is good, do not get me wrong but... the service is absolutely terrible. Waited 15 minutes just to get a server's attention to get our order down and then another 15 minutes for water. They see you need them and they just shrug you off to the next waiter. On a positive note, the rice plates here are Bomb dot com. That is all."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dat P.', '3', 'Food here is good but it could get loud and especially no A.C they have a wind blow and it directly blow to my table. I had to ask them couple tomes for them to move it for me.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Rose C.', '4', "Pretty decent Vietnamese food here as far as Com Tam goes. Large portions for one person so it's worth the money. I hope there's not a lot of MSG in the food that might slap me in the face later...we'll see.  The only bad part here is the parking lot on holidays like today (Memorial Holiday) since we're talking about Grand Century here...so good luck finding parking -_-"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Joe M.', '4', "With a banging' hangover from partying the night before, my buddies and I needed some soulful Vietnamese food and try to remember the events of the evening before. Where else than San Jose for the best Viet food around? We dropped into a fancy-ish restaurant after picking up another pal in Mountain View first. I ordered their specialty, broken rice with grilled pork, egg loaf, and dried pork. The flavors were spot on and my only complaint would be that I wish the pork portion size had been a little larger. Still though, it hit the spot and the company couldn't have been better. I'm always down for some great Vietnamese food in the South Bay and there are lots of duds but also some gems. This was definitely good for their broken rice and I'd come back for sure if it wasn't so dang far away from SF! Food: 8/10 Service: 7/10 Price: $$ Atmosphere: 7/10"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vincent N.', '2', "The food was pretty decent. But if you were to go to this place, go to the OTHER locations. This place was a JOKE.  The service was HORRIBLE.  I had to ask for water. And it didn't come until a while later.  Right when we sat down, he asked us what we wanted and didn't give us enough time to look. Nor did he give us enough menus to look at! Now, here comes the worst part. The cashier lady (old woman) was INCREDIBLY rude. I asked the waiter if we can split the check and he said certainly! However, the lady told us that if we wanted to split the check, we had to pay on one card. Now, how does that make any sense? Why would we use one card to pay when we wanted to split the check? So we asked to pay by cash instead and she assumed that we were still going to split the check so she just told us to have everyone pay $11. But that doesn't make any sense either! One order was $13 and another was only $9. Why would everyone have to pay $11? Some of us would have to pay for the other person. Plus, the total would be more than what we owed. I did the math and had my friends pay for exactly what their totals+tax was. The whole time, the lady was sighing and rolling her eyes at us! The place wasn't even full so why would you need us to rush? We're PAYING customers. Go to the other ones if you want to be treated respectfully!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tina N.', '4', '"Rice in the morning, rice in the evening, rice in the suppertime." Remember that song? Well, it\'s for bagel bites. True for Asians though.  Alright alright. Service is decent and food is good. Place is pretty clean. It is located inside the "Grand Century Mall." You can do different combinations with rice. Limited appetizers to choose from though, but no need for those. I got the broken rice plate with steamed egg cake and grilled pork. Note: Not many places in San Jose have places that offer "broken rice." I didn\'t care for the soup that it came with, it was actually too salty for me quite frankly.  I thought it was good, but not great. The grilled pork actually was too hard for me, but the flavor was savory. You pour the fish sauce mixed with spices on your rice and Bon Appetit. Mama likes it so that\'s all that matters, right?']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Christina L.', '1', "Vietnamese food is usually my favorite food.  But, I'm not a fan of Vietnamese broken rice (Cam Tam); I'd rather have non-broken rice.  Anyway, even if I liked broken rice, I wouldn't come to this spot again.  Quite possibly worst service ever.   We arrived before 2 separate tables of 4, and had our order taken before those two other tables of 4.  Yet, somehow both tables were served all their food before us.  At first, I thought it was because we weren't Vietnamese, but then I realized one of the other tables weren't Vietnamese folks either.   Anyway, we waited for about 20 minutes after we ordered before we got our appetizers.  10 minutes after the appetizers, the other tables that arrived later than us got all of their appetizers and entrees.  We didn't get our entrees until 20-30 minutes after the other tables were served all of their food.  When we tried to ask about our order, they wouldn't respond verbally, and did random head nods or twists that didn't give any indication about whether they were checking. Sure, it's dirt cheap for decent food, but I won't pay any money for bad service here again."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nguyn T.', '1', 'Ignored me. Customers came after me ate and left but I still couldnt even order my food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jeanette M.', '3', 'I ordered the com tam thit nuong with tau hu ky (#34). The com tam itself is not mushy! the tau hu ky with shrimp inside is "spongy". The fried fat placed on the rice tastes "smelly." The thit nuong was juicy but once I got home I had a major headache, probably from the msg. The nem nuong is not too sweet! The workers are really nice, they didn\'t write down our side order of an egg, but when we asked, they made it anyways. The chili on the plate is not spicy.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kristine L.', '3', "This restaurant has the potential to be a lot better. The food itself is not bad. They specialize in broken rice with a large variety of toppings and add ons. Popular items that people add onto the rice include, marinated/BBQ'd/grilled beef and pork, shrimp, shredded pork, egg & meat pie, and short ribs. It's cool that you get to basically customize your rice dish and pick whichever add on you would like. I always get the shredded pork and shrimp and sometimes like to add on a fried egg. The meats are flavorful and I've never really had any complaints with the food. Com Tam isn't my favorite in general and I never crave it so I can't say that I loved it or that it blew my mind. It's just average to me. I feel like if they did something different with the meats or service, then they would be a lot better.  The service is pretty much on par with every other Asian restaurant. Meaning, not good. The waiters here seat you, take your order, then leave you along for the rest of the time. If you need someone or something, you gotta flag someone down. When you're down and need to pay, you get up and pay at the register. Even though, the waiters don't check in with you or attend to you during the meal, they run around chaotically. If you're not used to eating at Asian places, it would probably look like a huge disaster. This place also has the waiters rolling around a cart to dump all of the dirty plates and leftover food into as they clean tables. Might be just be, but I find this really gross. It's not appetizing for me to be eating my food while a cart full of trash, leftover food, and dirty plates is parked right next to me. I know it's common for many Asian resturants but I do wish they would stop."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Aniko N.', '4', 'Probably on the best com tam in SJ. I ordered take out and was amazed how much they give you for 15 dollars. Everything was pretty delicious!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Thao B.', '4', "Coming from Calgary,AB I'm not used to having to line up for a Vietnamese restaurant!  This place is definitely worth it, not for the service but for the food. True broken rice, perfectly seasoned meats and large portions!  The restaurant is tucked in side the Century Mall along with several other Vietnamese restaurants.  I ordered number 52 and an iced coffee with condensed milk.  The coffee was too sweet though, yeah I get that I ordered the sweeter drink my parents had ordered the black ice coffee and that was sweet as well.  Oh well I guess a treat once in a while isn't too bad. Decor nothing special and service is what you would expect at a Vietnamese restaurant.  They don't pretend to be a fine dining restaurant so don't expect that type of service."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Gigi M. N.', '4', "Good food! I think the com tam here is better than the other branches. I recommend the com tam. I don't like their pho(vietnamese flat noodles). Their com tam is very authentic!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Diana C.', '2', "Located inside the mall, this little restaurant was quite tricky to find. Came here with friends on a Wednesday night looking to fill our broken rice craving. We got seated right away, but there weren't very many people to begin with. It took a long time for the waiter to get back to us to take our orders. My friends got the special combo bbq beef rib plate (3/5) with all the fixings. I decided to go with the fried shrimp cake and the shrimp on sugarcane plate (3/5) (can you tell I love shrimp?). The food came out relatively fast and was served with a small bowl of soup.  The special combo plate was well worth the $13.50 that it was. It was loaded with meat, rice, and all the other goodies that we came for. Beef itself was very flavorful and definitely the best part of the plate. The egg cake and the shredded pork skin were on the weaker side and I've definitely have had better at other Vietnamese places in SJ.  As for my plate, the food was served on a large plate but the portion was tiny. It came with one fried shrimp cake and one shrimp on sugarcane. Considering how much the plates were, special combo plate with everything being $13.50 and my shrimp plate with just 2 items being $10, I felt cheated by how much food I got comparatively. If I knew I would have just gotten the special combo plate with almost twice as much food for only $3 more. The fried shrimp cake and the shrimp on sugarcane were both very average - not bad, but I've had better.  So why only 2 stars when I said the food was at a 3 star level? Because the service here was horrible (1/5). We asked for water, and it never came. This was after we tried to flag down a waiter for 10 minutes or so. Finally, the water came, almost the same time as the food. Water doesn't and shouldn't take that long to put together... Come on!! And then, because my friends were sharing the large combo plate, they realized they would need an extra plate to share the food since there was so much stuff. It took us another 10 minutes to flag down a waiter (at which point my friends were already frustrated and started eating the food, while dropping rice everywhere) and ask for a plate. The plate never came. After multiple attempts of trying to flag down a waiter again, my friends were almost done with their food and we just gave up entirely. I mean, I can understand slow service when the restaurant is packed, but it was practically empty! When it came to paying though, they were VERY efficient to direct us to the cash register. Considering how many people there were, and how many waiters there were, it shouldn't have been that hard to flag someone down. Pros: - not crowded - spacious restaurant - pretty easy to find parking  - combo plates were well worth the money Cons: - horrible service  - certain items were very average - there are places in SJ that are amazing so save your time and money for those places instead - portions to price ratio is off for non special combo plates"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Amanda T.', '4', "Let me start off by saying the food was just OK. I had the com thit nuong which came with broken rice, vegies, and soup. The meat was good, but not as succulent as I'd like it to be. It was more on the dry and chewy side. I'm not too sure if it's suppose to be chewy, but it was just odd. It was edible, but I've had better. If I were to come here again, I'd give the pork chop a try instead.  The ambiance was lovely as this place was nicely designed. It was dim, cozy, and zen (mainly due to the Buddha statue that was laying down behind me).  All in all, I'm still on the hunt for the best com thit nuong San Jose has to offer! This place is just OK. I give it 4 stars because of the ambiance. but food wise, it's a 3."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Eric C.', '5', "Line out the door usually means its good. Line out the door with 1-3rd generation Vietnamese means really good. Restaurant loaded with 100% Ethnic Vietnamese means Jackpot ! !  Watching the facial expression Non-Ethnic Asians stare at the menu outside...priceless... Kinda feels like payback when bartenders discriminate against Asians for looking too young to drink.   As well as those instances where  Non Ethnic Asian people generally boot out the Asian locals and inhabitants by trying to make a profit at their expense and misery.. .... oh wait a minute that's San Francisco.. Of the many local areas across California that label themselves little Saigon, this is probably the most prominent one of them all. Everything from the decor to the food and of course the fish sauce. Unpretentious, authentically designed and most importantly hearty... Having bad quality fish sauce in a Vietnamese restaurant is like having bad quality wine in  a Napa winery. If your roots are firmly planted along the Vietnamese blood line, you will feel right at home here. And I don't mean in the U.S .. It's hard to watch so many asian places bend their tastes and styles to an anglo-sized taste and feel. And more often then not, they fall under the wrong category of cheap. Then again, that's why they get the cheap tippers.. Unless its dinner time, San Jose would out rank San Francisco in places to go for Authentic Vietnamese food that doesn't give you the bloated feel. This place gets busy like the DMV so get here ASAP. Unlike the DMV you will be happy to pay leave here happily on your way.  Their Fish Sauce here is balanced enough to where its compatible with whatever you order. Lunch-Dinner or appetizer.  ? #  Tam  Suon Bo Dai Han, Chao Tom. BBQ Ribs  + Sugar Cane Shrimp... --beef is tender and perfectly cooked so it ain't dry and aged. The glaze sauce they use isn't overwhelming so you can still enjoy the rice and Veggies..and of course the fish sauce... The sugar cane shrimp is properly cooked for the most part. But don't expect to to chew on the cane..it came out pretty dry even though it wasn't burnt.  But over all Well done! -------------++++----------- Must keep in mind though. -------------++++-----------  1)They charge tea per person when you order. Its implied by them taking your order that you are aware of it.. 2)When you order. This place has Com Tam in its name.. not Pho....so adjust your palate accordingly... You wouldn't order a chesseburger from popeyes right?"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica D.', '1', "Service was bad. Came over with the wrong order over 2 times. Food wasn't that great."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ken K.', '4', 'Has some douchebizzle started selling dumbed down upscale grilled pork spring rolls / nem nuong cuon (NNC...yes because xiao long bao, shen jian bao, and niu rou mian/beef noodle soup have been abbreviated!), off a gourmeh roach coach yet? I mean if there can be a Yoko Ono Miyaki truck selling okonomiyaki (in Austin), I guess a truck for NNC isn\'t far behind, but I guess they have to wear out the banh mi fad first. A tip to whoever does it, PLEASE don\'t dumb it down by labeling "organic fatty pork sausage" with organic veggies when it doesn\'t taste that good to begin with. But you know the opposite will happen. End O Ranto. So after popping my NNC cherry at Brodard Chateau (BC) in Garden Grove (GG) of all places, I knew the slightly smaller pricier somewhat colder rendition had to have a slightly better one in NorCal. Thanks to those who are on my friends list, CTTH (Com Tam Thien Huong) looked to be a contender for the good stuff...NNC a must order at a broken rice plate joint? Sure...bring dat chit on! I was the only non Vietnamese person in there....I walked in and they talked to me in Vietnamese, and they either said "please sit anywhere" to me or "dumbXXXXX do I look like a receptionist?"....I guess I could pretend to be one next time. And oh yes...the NNC at CTTH was better than my first recent visit to Brodard Chateau! The dip sauce is great...peanuty with some of the ngoc mam ooo-mommy flavor profile....quite addictive. Plus it was very warm (Brodard Chateau\'s sauce was served room temperature). The NNC were easily thicker, and two was just right for one person....four? It could be almost a el quicko meal. Very pleased with this one. At least the pork was warm enough, with even warmer excellent sexy dip sauce. While we\'re at a broken rice plate specialist shoppe...why not get something they\'re good at. Got the BBQ short ribs, sugar cane shrimp rice plate. Very good portion, and very tasty, tho the sugar cane shrimp tasted rather lifeless and boring to me. The bbq short ribs blew away many places that serve kalbi at the run of the mill tofu houses...had a ton of fire soul and brimstone inside, charred in many parts. The funnest part about eating this was deciding whether to dip the short rib into ngoc mam or the leftover NNC dipping sauce (which yielded a pseudo Malaysian/Singaporean satay beef kind of experience...quite unbeatable). Either way it hit the spot. Tried to wash it all down with a cafe sua da....iced Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk. Oh man it was ghastly horrid! It tasted like....Lee\'s Sandwiches iced milkcoffee....where you order it and it\'s already premixed to order, like they used instant grounds instead of a French press drip, and it was overly sweet with almost no coffee flavor....dooooood WTF? It was so bad that I gave up after about 4 sips. Pho Y #1, Pho Ga An Nam and probably Bun Bo Hue An Nam do better coffee than this (and I\'m guessing  Cafe Quyen too....nudge nudge wink wink). Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork spring rolls), Pork Noodle Man approved!                                        (\\____/)                                          / o__o \\                                       ( ( (o o)) )                                         `-   \\/  - \'  Cafe Sua Da made me a sad Pork Noodle Man.                                        (\\____/)                                          / o__o \\                                       ( ( (o o)) )                                         `-   /\\  - \'']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Danster L.', '4', "I love this location way better than the Senter Road location as the portions are balanced perfectly. The Senter Road location's portions are quite a bit off with way more steamed rice and hardly any meat. I was quite surprised to see Com Tam Thien Huong open a location at Grand Century Mall and it will become a regular spot for me. The com tam aka broken rice plates are quite good here. The beef short ribs are tender, juicy and they give you a lot. The egg pie cake is perfectly yellow on top, moist in the middle and full of authentic ingredients in every bite. The grilled pork is not your typical grilled pork but looks like skewered pork instead. The rice plates is a good balance of veggies, steamed rice, your protein and the sides. The sides is what takes the cake here which all seem to be made with care. But what takes the cake here is the pork patty spring rolls (nem nuong cuon.) The spring rolls are filled with mint, chives, lettuce, pickled veggies, fried egg roll, and grilled pork patty roll. The spring rolls are accompanied by a dipping sauce similar to Garden Grove's infamous Brodard restaurant. It is a great Northern California counterpart. I would definitely come back here alone for the spring rolls, 4 rolls for $6.25. I will take 8 please!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Monte H.', '4', "I've always wondered whether I wanted to give this place 4 or 5 stars but after trying the com ga hai nam this past weekend, I've decided it's more of a 4 star. Although the chicken's plum sauce was interesting, the accompanying rice was too dry and the careless use of rau ram (just left on a twig on top of the chicken) has me docking a star. Still one of the best places for com tam though. Yes the plates here are like a whole two hundred pennies more expensive than some of its competitors, but you're paying for quality. The meats are well-marinated, and they somehow got grilled chicken to be both flavorful and moist, which is no common feat at com tam places, where pork is typically king. You can't go wrong with any choice of meat here. They're all great. The tau hu ky is crispy, and the chao tom is aiite. The nem nuong cuon isn't bad either, echoing what everyone else says comparing it to Brodard's. FYI this location is probably the nicest decor-wise. Plus it's easy access to nuoc mia (sugarcane juice) at the food court."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Michelle N.', '4', "I'm not even a fan of broken rice dishes, but I think their food's great and that's saying something. I don't know if I'd say this place has the best broken rice dishes, but they definitely are one of the best places I've tried. I've been here a couple times for a Friday lunch and they were crowded both times I visited. Fortunately, the wait times weren't too bad, but I imagine the wait can get pretty long on weekends. I really like their Korean ribs and fried shrimp cake. Their BBQ items are also really good. All their meats are super tender and flavorful. The fried shrimp cakes are perfectly crispy without being too oily. Mmmm. I think the portions are filling, but I suppose some people might think the meat portions are a bit small. Prices are decent. For someone who doesn't normally like this type of Vietnamese fare, I applaud Com Tam Thien Huong for making their broken rice dishes so good that even I can't say no."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Silvia M.', '4', 'Came with the office for Chinese/Vietnamese new year. Place was packed and food was great.. Had the #49']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Peter L.', '5', 'Opened two months, this is my new default VNese com tam = "broken rice" plates* eatery! - The #42 ("thit nuong"=charbroiled pork, "bi"=thinly shredded pork skin, "tau hu ky"=fried shrimp wrapped with bean curd skin, "chao tom"=grilled shrimp paste on sugar cane sticks), which was one of the four combination plates on the menu. A bowl of soup is included. Would get again. - The imperial rolls=VNese egg rolls were good here. Would get again. - The "nem"=grilled pork patties rolls were really good, and went well with the added dipping sauce. Would get that each time. Of course, you can also get individual item(s) rice plates and other popular VNese dishes here. And while prices are higher than other lunch places, it\'s worth it. You will be stuffed. Heck, can see myself skipping the other eateries within Grand Century Mall for this place again and again. Opens until 9pm each day. * Back in the day, "com tam"=broken grain rice was more affordable to the poor since it was cheaper=not whole grain as preferred. It is also the VNese term for broken rice plates - like regular rice plates you\'re familiar with, except the grains are split and broken="tam". Once cooked, it clumps (though not sticky) and is also easier to eat with a spoon - instead of chopsticks. The toppings and sides make the plates so damn good. FTR=Fourth To Review!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Gina L.', '4', 'This place gets SO crowded. If there\'s a wait: pro tip, send one relative down to the bakery around the corner to pick up some Pandan waffles for munching.  (also this place has like 4 locations) It\'s clean inside and service is passable. I\'m a fan of the nem nuong (pork sausage spring roll). The fried wrapper inside is crunchy, the herbs are fresh, and the pork sausage is well-seasoned. The sauce is really really good - it\'s definitely not peanut sauce or fish sauce, so it\'s one of those that you can\'t really make it at home. I also like that they serve it warm. My only complaint is the rolls are premade and therefore cold. (But they\'re way better than the nem cuon at their lion plaza location) The com tam (broken rice) plates are their namesake specialty, obviously. Skip anything with the "cha trung" egg cake, it\'s bland. Other than that I recommend a combo with grilled meat (grilled pork or beef is my favorite) or shredded pork. When the plate comes out, make sure that you dress your shredded pork with the fish sauce or it will be dry. The rice is damn addicting, but so simple! I think the best part is the topping - a drizzle of scallion oil with a few scallions, and the greatest: fresh fried pork rinds. Eat them for some porky goodness.  If you order grilled shrimp - portions are small.  I don\'t know if I can compare this place to Com Tam Dat Thanh down on Tully - they\'re just different. This one is much cleaner. The portions are a little smaller and the meat isn\'t marinated as sweet, but the atmosphere definitely has that Vietnamese-restaurant "classy" feel.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Cynthia A.', '4', "I actually like this com tam place. Their plates are priced alil higher then the competition but the food has been consistent in terms of flavor and freshness. I love their nem noung rolls. The nem noung is flavorful without being too salty and the sauce is yummy.  I usually get the com tam bi with bbq pork and shrimp wrapped in crispy tofu skin with an order of nem noung rolls.  Lunch can get busy and service sucks but if u can come with someone who speaks vietnamese..you'll have a better experience"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Phuong H.', '2', "We came here to try the nem nuong spring rolls but were deeply disappointed!  We ordered com tam #42 (BBQ pork) and #45 (BBQ short ribs) and 4 nem nuong rolls.  The com tam items came out within five minutes of ordering and as we were finishing the main dishes we had to wave a waiter down (which took awhile) and ask him how much longer it'd take for the spring rolls.  The waiter told us that they're grilling the pork but when the rolls came out, the pork was so cold!  The sauce was cold and too sweet. The rice dishes were good but I never crave for that kind of food so I probably won't go back."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Davinci L.', '4', "This is my to-go Viet place in San Jose! It's located in Century Plaza Mall where you'll find Viet weddings, the little salons, and toy shops. Com Tam Thien Huong is very recognizable by the big red letters for their sign. There's a wait list and usually a good amount of hungry and impatient Vietnamese people outside. You're not who you when you're hungry? I've eaten the following here: Grilled pork over broken rice (5/5). This is the dish the restaurant's known for... I mean look at the name. Very good portion sizing and each bite was filled with so much flavor I thought I was gonna cry from how happy I was. It's that good. Seriously. A little pricy though, but worth it. Pho dac biet (4/5). I've gotten this twice here and each time, it's been great. Noodles are fresh and broth is just perfect -- not too salty or too bland. They don't water down anything or skimp out. There's a lot of meat, tendon, beefballs and all the good stuff you could want. This is a great hangover cure, or at least I've heard. You get your money's worth. Nem nuong cuon (3/5). I took 4 rolls to-go. Honestly, I was a little disappointed by the service, since I assume they usually have them ready. Even on a semi-busy afternoon, they took 20 minutes to prepare them. I prefer Brodard's down in Orange County more than the nem nuong they have here because the crab sauce is kinda thick and didn't really blend well. The meat and crunchy eggroll just wasn't doing it for me because they just didn't feel worth the $2/roll.  Overall, it's a place I'd recommend to friends who visit town. I'm sure there's better viet food out there, but this can be your one stop for everything."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Serena K.', '4', "I'm a BIG  fan of the food but not the wait. This is by far my FAVORITE spot to go to for broken rice plates. I always find myself craving the broken rice plates from here. I normally order the Com tam bi cha thit nuong (rice with shredded pork skin, egg cake, BBQ pork). In my opinion, this is the best way to eat a broken rice plate (how I eat) - I mash up the egg cake, mix it up with the rice and shredded pork skin... drizzle a little fish sauce and broth and then.. VOILA! You dig in! SO bomb. THE BOMB. I'm drooling just thinking about it. If you can look past the potentially UGLY LONG wait (waited almost an hour to get seated and 30 mins for the food on a holiday) and the fact that all the workers speak mostly/ mainly Vietnamese than you're good to go! (I don't speak/understand but my BF does so I got him to do all the talking and ordering. *WOOT!) If you can't stand waiting for food, than order take out!! If you don't speak or understand Vietnamese, you can drag a friend who does with you or just try pointing at the menu."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica N.', '5', "Oh god. I'm such a sucker for my people's food.  I can live off of it. This place serves such good rice plates. I'm salivating as I write about this place.  Their plates are ridiculously huge. You should come with an appetite or bring a friend. But it's so delicious that you might think twice about sharing.  The rice plates comes with broken rice, bbq, shredded pork, cucumbers, lettuce, fish sauce for your rice, soup, and this yellow sponges goodness. That'll definitely make you wish you wore your fat pants when you're done eating! The restaurant is a bit stripper-esque with all the diamonds and mirrors. Haha but it isn't that distracting when you're eating. I'm sure if they did out a stripper pole in there, it could very well be a strip club. Unce unce unce."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Sam C.', '1', 'Horrible service. Not really sure about the food since we barely got any.  We ordered the spring rolls which were chewy and stale tasting.   Didn\'t finish it since they were so bad. Came here for Pho.  Ordered Pho... waited about 20 minutes before we started noticing everyone around us was getting food and we weren\'t.  After we stared down the waiter, we see them arguing amongst themselves and they finally came over.   NOW they tell us they don\'t have ANY Pho left.  After sitting around.. waiting for our food for like 20 minutes...  REALLY?  now the guy keeps telling us to order something else.  We tell him "No, we came here for Pho".  He keeps pushing and PUSHING us to order something else.  We have to keep telling the waiter, "NO". horrible horrible experience here. I should have known something was up when the table next to us was yelling at the waiter for missing food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Chena N.', '1', '"One of the best legit viet place in SJ" I told my boyfriend as we entered the restaurant. Boy was I embarrassed when all of this went down... I\'ve been dissatisfied with restaurants but never this mad. There are many other locations of this restaurants GO TO ANOTHER ONE.  I\'ve never seen a viet restaurant fk up on an avocado shake so bad 4 times before. They only spoke Vietnamese so my basic skills did not suffice to express the disappointment I had in this place. I have been to this location since I was young so I know how their avocado shakes taste and it ain\'t BITTER like sh*t. And I can tell they never remade it with a new batch, they kept remixing the same bitter batch and added more avocado or something, because it taste exactly the same. My boyfriend and I found it extremely inedible because it was SOOO bitter. Don\'t you fking talk sh*t about me in front of me in Vietnamese because I can understand every word. And how dare u make me wait there for 25 minute not letting me know u were not remaking my drink or removing it from the bill. I have never felt so so so mad.  Negative 2 stars if I could.  1. I never asked to be talked smack about by the employees like I have no sense of dignity 2. How can u mess up so bad on avocado shake.....?  3. Just because I can\'t speak your language does not mean I don\'t deserve to be a customer.  Get your sh*t together. If the owner/manager has a number I would love to speak with them.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'andrew y.', '4', "Great combo rice dishes. Their Bbq pork and pork chop is really flavorful. I really like the fried tofu skin shrimp cake.  Clean and good service overall. It's in a Vietnamese mall."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Betsy K.', '3', "Came here for lunch last weekend. The food was really good. The service was just ok,  Asian restaurant service. If you don't speak Vietnamese, you may have a hard time getting anything across.  Ambiance is nice and modern. The place is located inside Dynasty plaza so there is plenty of parking."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Yannie S.', '3', "Only came here for the Nem Nuong Cuon, but it was alright. I honestly dont see anything too special about this place or Brodards. I can probably eat about 3 rolls before I get kind of sick of it. I really like nem nuong though. Yummy. This place is probably the closest you can get to Brodards in the bay. I'll try to explore other places and report back!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stephany Y.', '2', "Brought my boyfriend here awhile ago because he is crazy about Vietnamese rice plates, but we have not been back nor do we plan to. 2 stars because we actually like Vietnamese rice plates, but minus three stars for the portion... Yes, that's a lot of stars to take off for the portion, but cmon.. I felt like I paid $6 for the rice and $3 for the meat because there was barely any. I gave it a second try with my mom, and ordered the BBQ pork with shrimp cake and my mom ordered the chicken rice plate. She literally had 3 pieces of chicken attached to the bone and 1 drum stick. I had 4 incredibly small pieces of BBQ pork... I'm usually able to save at least half my rice plate box at other places like Dat Thanh, but I finished my whole plate and was still hungry afterwards... My mom said the quality is good... but for the price and portion, MEH.  It's San Jose.. Try the other vietnamese restaurants."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jared L.', '2', "I had the vermicelli with bbq and egg roll. The pork is on point, egg roll tastes authentic to Vietnam( but I don't like the taste), but the vermicelli felt like they tried too hard. They put sooo much mint in there that I could only taste the mint. I also ordered a soursop drink that took almost 30 minutes to come plus they messed up my friends order and forgot to give him a sugarcane and only after asking several waiters did he get his sugarcane. They wrapped the sugarcane in fish cake and the fish cake doesn't taste too good either. Overall this place is alright, but I'm sure there are better alternatives. They have good pho broth though"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jerry M.', '5', "About a year ago, every Sunday I would be going here to the Grand Century Mall (Which I highly dislike) with my step mom and two little brothers and I was just so bored. There was nothing to do and the food court didn't have a lot of good choices. The only reason I went was for some family bonding time. And then one day, I came across Com Tam Thien Huong. Was this place amazing or what?  There is actually a long line sometimes and you would have to write your name on a list, and then wait till one of the employees call you to seat you at a table. My wait (Table of 5) was about 10 minutes. Not bad. I ordered a plate of Com Tam with BBQ Pork and was it amazing! What I like most about this place is the sauce they give you to dip. It's like their own special sauce, you get this nice sweet and sizzling feeling when you eat. I love it! Let's start focusing on the other stuff:  -Customer Service, what I always focus on the most, is great here. The waiters and waitresses are wearing black shoes, pants, and black polo with a logo on it. Makes them seem a lot more professional. A lot of other Vietnamese restaurants I go and eat in the past don't have that. They are also very nice and patient with you. Never rushing you, and are very professional. I am very impressed that even with all the customers they have to handle, they still are focusing very well under all that stress. And also, very quick and fast service.  -Environment. Com Tam Thien Huong did a really nice job on making this place look nice. Around the restaurant, they set these booths which can seat up to four people. And in the middle would be regular tables for 2 people or big groups. Even though most of the time the restaurant is kind of loud, it's not distracting or anything.  -The price for this place is not bad. Not expensive but not too cheap. It's affordable, pretty similar to other Vietnamese Com Tam restaurants.  To summarize, my pros and cons are: Pros+:  1. Good Food for a affordable price 2. Good customer service 3. Restaurant has very nice look and decor to it.  4. Fast service Cons-: 1. May be crowded 2. Loud, not quiet ... I guess a few other Yelpers have had a bad experience with this place. I'm just sharing my experience. Anyways, I highly recommend anyone to come here and eat at this place. It's a lot better than some of the other places in the food court.  By the way, if you have never tried Com Tam, it's basically a Vietnamese cuisine and is cooked rice from fractured rice grains. Tm refers to the broken rice grains while cm refers to cooked rice. (Thanks Google for the good detailed definition!) So, if you are looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant that is affordable and again, Good! Stop by Com Tam Thien Huong, give it a try and let me know your experience."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Say Y.', '4', "Good combination broken rice plates, especially #70 w/ pork.  The pho is unique, they use, thicker rice noodles, and it doesn't have MSG."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Wendy T.', '4', 'One of the few authentic Vietnamese restaurants that are not "cash only" (don\'t you hate those?)! Unfortunately this restaurant is located in one of the busiest sections of Story Rd. At first this place seemed expensive. $10.00 for a basic broken rice plate with BBQ pork and BBQ shrimp? When I asked for the difference between a BBQ pork chop and BBQ pork, the young waitress explained that the BBQ pork are in "sticks." She was very nice though. My huge plate arrived, but the food was spread out in pretty French style to make a little bit of food seem like a lot. Maybe she saw the upset look on my face when I saw that there were only four "sticks" of pork each about four inches long and two shrimp. They brought out another plate with two more "sticks" of pork. I am happier. What also was icing on the cake was when they brought out a complimentary bowl of full-flavored soup. I was content with the serving size. Not bad!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kim L.', '4', "I came to the Little Saigon mall to check it out. I was craving for some com tam, and my cousin took me here. I ordered the #43 com tam suong nuong to go. While I was placing my order,  I saw that the restaurant was packed. But there was someone that was able to take my order near the register. After waiting 10 minutes, my order was ready.  When I got home, I took it out and ate it. The food was good, on par to com tam that I've had before at other Vietnamese restaurants. But the prices were a bit high, around $12-$13 for com tam!? I can get com tam for $8-$10 on the greater Seattle area."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dee T.', '5', "Pay for my gas so I can drive down to San Jose for another order or two of their Nem Nuong Cuon Spring Rolls and the fantastic dipping sauce!   Just a few degrees off from the famous SoCal Brodard, this joint is as close as it gets for the Bay Area. The perfectly wrapped spring rolls, holds great amount of fresh veggies, crunchy skin and savory meat. I can seriously eat this everyday and is probably very healthy considering all the greens they put inside of it.  It was love at first bite. Now the sauce is the power to the roll. I'm not even sure what its made of. Shrimp paste and fish sauce? Whatever it is, I can pour it over a plain rice dish and would be satisfied.  I've been to Com Tam Thien Huong a few times now and I've always ordered the same dish, #23. The broken rice dish comes with bbq pork, baked egg, and shredded pork. It's a generous portion and I usually finish it off.  Service: Typical Vietnamese restaurant speed. Fast.  Parking: Restaurant is inside the Grand Century Mall so good amount of spaces in the lot.  Since I've been here before, I will definitely come back! Perhaps try another rice plate the next time around."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Y D.', '1', 'Worse service ever !!! Will NEVER come back again !! My pregnant sister and I went there for lunch and they asked 2 groups behind us to go in first I was about to say something but my sister said let it go. After we had our seats we kept waiting  for another 20\' for them to come take order the waitress threw the menu on the table and asked " what you want" REALLY?????!!! That\'s how they greet customers. I wish I could give this place negative -5 star.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Matsuo U.', '4', 'On a visit to San Jo (for a giant bag of Koi food for the pond), had a late breakfast (in SF referred to a "brunch") @ Com Tam Thien Huong in the Grand Century Mall at 1111 Story Rd. (referenced because there seems to be at least one "fake"  Com Tam Thien Huong restaurants on the famed Story Road. This is the home of the best Com Tam (Vietnamese "broken rice")  in the SF Bay Area. (and better than I have had in Vietnam). Once upon a time, com  tam was the only rice the poor could buy. It has since climbed the social ladder like many foods (oxtail, monk fish, and so forth).   Com tam:  The secret to a good com tam meal however, is not the rice. It is what comes along with it. I recommend the BBQ pork combos with come with a variety of properly prepared goodies and a small salad. Also the BBQ shrimp is great. Avoid: Cafe\' Sua Da (Vietnamese Coffee), Soy Milk (cold or hot). Terrible renditions ! The "mall" is well, a Vietnamese mall, with shops featuring goods & food from that part of the world. There is also a small food court which has some tasty eats. If you have never seen 15 kinds of beef jerky, there is a shop or two that carry them.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Meihan-Katelynn D.', '2', 'Food was mediocre. Service was bad. They kept getting lost on who had what along with wrong order.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Diego G.', '3', 'My wife loves coming to this place, food its good. Its smart to call ahead if you are ordering to go, there has been time when they take forever to cook the food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anne P.', '4', "This place needs to have a tad bit more space for chairs and tables because there was a 15 minute wait in the afternoon and it was quite crowded. The employees here were pretty nice and the ambience and decoration that they have here is so elaborate. I ordered the #36 because my friend recommended it to me. I also ordered the thai tea, which ended up tasting like any other thai tea I've had. It was alright. The #36 had a shrimp cake- waaaay too oily and greasy to eat. It was supposed to be crispy and brown. The BBQ chicken that came with it was great though!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ly D.', '4', "When they first opened, they were so generous with the portions! I feel like they're not as generous anymore ): Nonetheless, I still love this place! It's so much cleaner than Com Tam Dat Thanh and I feel like the meat is a lot leaner too. Com tam bi thit nuong tau hu ky is my favorite (: The service is typical of Vietnamese restaurants, they seat you, take your order, bring you food & that's about it. But hey, the food's good so I'm not complaining!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Wanugee N.', '4', "Somehow, I have the habit recently of going to a certain type of Ethnic restaurant and ordering a dish which isn't their main specialty, but rather a less prominent menu item that they have become known for amongst their ethnic brethren. I don't take credit for this, I just have good friends who know about this stuff.  According to my Vietnamese sources, the best places for Com Tam (Broken Rice) plates are all within a stone's throw of each other in San Jose. Most all agree that Com Tam Thanh and Com Tam Dat Thanh are the best. These are little, gritty dives with tasty Com Tam. Some might argue that Vung Tau has good Com Tam, perhaps because the atmosphere is more refined and elegant, the service is better, or they happen to know some people.  A newer challenger is Com Tam Thien Huong, located at Story and McGlaughlin in the new Grand Century Mall.  This place opened last year, taking over another restaurant in the same location, and remodeled it nicely and elegantly. They offer almost 40 different Com Tam dishes.  Com (rice) Tam (broken) plates are popular for any meal. It can come with a variety of main ingredients, but most commonly with Pork.  If you like Pork, then the most popular Com Tam dish is probably Com Tam Thit Nuong (BBQ pork, here #32, $8.50) This is served with veggies of pickled julienne carrots, radish, cucumbers and lettuce.  A more traditional combination of that is Com Tam Bi Cha Thit Nuong (#23, also $8.50).  Bi is thinly grated slices of pork and pork skin. Cha refers to Cha Trung Hap. This is a pork loaf cake, here with black mushroom bits mixed in, and topped with yellow egg yolk. It comes out looking like a slice of custard, but it is light like a tofu soufflé and not sweet, but more mild tasting.   Broken Rice plates became popular because they were usually cheaper than full kernel rice. The small half kernels gives the rice an intriguing and pleasing texture. But like I began to say at the outset, I didn't come here for the 40 Com Tam plates, although I ate one (#32). I came, with my close Vietnamese friend who taught me most of what I forgot or didn't know about Vietnamese food, for another pork based menu item. Nem Nuong Cuon.  Nem Nuong Cuon is a grilled pork roll. It is similar to Goi Cuon, that Spring Roll that you probably ordered as an appetizer, and that you can even buy at some Safeway's and Trader Joe's in the refrigerated deli section near the packaged sushi.  Nem Nuong Cuon has grilled pork sausages wrapped into a Banh Tran rice wrapper, along with a bunch of veggies, including lettuce, carrots, and long chives. This is dipped into a Peanut Sauce or Nuoc Man fish sauce and eaten. Add Sriracha to your sauces to spice things up.   An order of 4 comes already wrapped ($7) and is one of 3 appetizers offered here (along with Goi Cuon - spring rolls and Cha Gio - egg rolls).  I kind of miss Nem y Nem, a restaurant who went out of business several years ago, but specialized in Nem Nuong Cuon, except you got all the veggies and Banh Tran, and wrapped your own with a plate full of pork sausage,  like several courses of Bo Bay Mon. Eating there was communal fun, a meal intimately shared, Here, the pre-wrapped Nem isn't as fun to share, but it is just as good tasting. And the Com Tam is pretty good, too.  They say if you go to a restaurant with a lot of the natives in it, it must be good. Well, I was the only Low Fan (foreigner) in the place. But this is inside a Vietnamese mall, so if you are not Vietnamese, then you probably have to know someone who is to have a reason to be in here. And there is another restaurant in here who specializes in Nem Nuong, called Nem Nuong Nha Trang, but it isn't as good. I asked my Vietnamese friend, and they would know, since they are from Nha Trang and they like Nem Nuong.    This restaurant closes by 9 or 9:30, so don't come late."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Arnold T.', '3', 'A group of us ventured to what was coined "the best Vietnamese rice plates around" at the recommendation of a coworker.  If the title wasn\'t Vietnamese enough to convince you, the fact it\'s in a Vietnamese mall will.  I heard on weekends, this place is packed.  On the weekday we went, there was also a waitlist.   Considering the high volume of business, they keep the place clean.  Emphasis of the cleanliness of this location should be noted.  I don\'t think they purposely had a color theme, but brown appears to be their favorite color.  I ordered the special combination rice plate with BBQ chicken.  Items included in the dish were fried shrimp cake, shredded pork skin, egg cake, and something you don\'t run into much, grilled shrimp on 6-7 inch piece of sugarcane.      Our food took longer than expected due to a giant take out order called in by a company; at first inspection, the plate was sized proportionally to fit most.  It comes with a bowl of soup and side of fish sauce.  The centerpiece of the plate was the BBQ chicken; the sauce or marinade from the meat was OK, but a little salty for me.  Best parts were the egg cake and the grilled shrimp (paste) wrapped around the sugarcane.       The rice plate was optimally above average.  From a peer-to-peer comparison, Com Tam Thien Huong is definitely a quality location for a Vietnamese rice dish.  It\'s cooked when ordered and fresh as can be.  Due to personal preference, I usually don\'t order the rice plates.  When my future craving for a Vietnamese rice dish does come, I now have that place to cure it.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Terry W.', '3', 'Food is good if you like greasy food. I ordered the bbq pork chop and bbq shrimp combo. Both the chops and shrimp were layered with grease. However, after using napkins to absorb the grease, the food was tasty.  Not sure this would be my priority restaurant to patronize if there was another available choice.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Morgan J.', '4', 'Good food. Wish I could tell you what I ordered..sorry I\'m white!! But it was hella good. I got a bun plate or something like that. It came with a pork rib and a shrimp...stick?! It was all yum. No pho after 8. The busser did straight stare us down bc we were the last people in the restaurant and he obviously wanted us to leave...no joke he was standing 8 ft from the table, leaning on his cart and staring. He definitely won the staring contest, me, my wife and our cousin got up and were like : " ok dude you win "']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lam N.', '1', 'Waiting time is too long. The service is suck. They forgot my 2nd order. It needs to improve in their services. They needs learn how to seating their customers faster. The foods should come out at proper time']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jacklyn H.', '2', "Stopped here randomly during a NorCal trip for a quick and light late afternoon lunch.  The Yelp! picture of the nem cuong caught my eye... ...after wandering around the plaza next to it (thanks for nothing Google Maps!) we came found the restaurant nestled in the mall... We ordered 4 nem nuong cuon ($7), an order of the cha gio (eggrolls), and a cherimoya shake. Nem nuong cuon - definitely not Brodard's, but it'll have to do if you're not in SoCal.  They had a little too much pickled carrots and not enough of anything else in the roll for my taste. Cha gio/eggrolls - I can't remember how much we paid, but we weren't exactly satisfied.  The lettuce it came with (to wrap the eggrolls in) were iceburg lettuce...  not only difficult to wrap with, but definitely not the right kind of lettuce! Cherimoya shake - this one was one for the books...  Upon initially sipping on the shake, my dining companion spat out a small piece of plastic...  Odd.  Further down the cup he spat out several more smaller pieces of plastic.  I had a sip and nearly choked on a huge bit of it.  We complained to the waitstaff who was surprised by it as we were.  The offered us a replacement shake and said they would take the charge off of our order. Honestly, even if there hadn't been any incidents with the drink I am not sure I would recommend this place, nor come back -- the food was a bit overpriced for what you get."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dorothy N.', '3', "Although I miss Pho Ha Noi (loved their fresh wide noodles, super tender tai meat, and milder broth flavor), the pho is pretty legit.  It's flavorful! Very reminiscent of Dirty Pho (Nam Tien on Mckee and Jackson), except with less MSG.  I order the dac biet and get all the different types of meat (especially love the ones with the chewy tendon and fat).  The Nem nuong roll is alright.  They put too much veggies. I'm also not too partial to their hu tieu mi since you can get better elsewhere.  Just go here for the pho. Also, not feelin' the spacey themed decor."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Annie N.', '1', "Giving one star rating to this place I was too generous to do this. I used to stop here to have lunch and dinner. But this time I am going to take it of my favorite  list. We were seated at the table and the waiter vanished in thin air. We waited and waited for him to stop by and gave us the menus. Finally, he came, threw the menus on...the empty table next to ours. Then he turned away without glancing back to our table not even once. So we waited again. Finally, I lost my patience and grabbed another waiter and asked for the menu. Then the mysterious waiter came back and took our order. Then we waited again. Finally my husband's order was out. We shared  the dish because my order was somewhere on the rainbow not reaching my table yet. We almost finished my husband's dish and my order still was somewhere in the midst. I reminded the waiter to see if my order was ready? then the waiter checked the ticket and found out the mysterious waiter so too busy put"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Foodlover W.', '5', 'This place is my favorite place for com tam. I like their nem nuong cuon too. Too many places to eat in San Jose, but the quality of this particular restaurant is by far the best for com tam, in my opnion.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Thien T.', '5', 'Great place for rice plates.  The rolls are also very good.  I highly recommend the restaurant.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Irene L.', '4', "I don't go to San Jose often but when I do with my parents, we always come here for com tam. My mom also likes the noodle soup(forgot the name). I think it's the one where it's fish base broth There are so many com tam choices. Usually we all get different ones so we can all try everything.  The nem nuong rolls (spring rolls) are also good. Comparable to brodards in LA. Not the same crack sauce as brodards but still good and I don't leave with a MSG stomach. Luckily, I've always come when there's no line. I think it gets pretty pack considering the clipboard on the door.  I think it is cash only also."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Janet D.', '5', 'Com tam thit nuong yum! it was very good and super busy event at 2pm on a Thursday. Crazy. but the service was fast and the meal, to me, was worth the price. Will be back as the food is always solid and the people service was fine.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Susan D.', '4', "This is a favorite of ours for broken rice dishes.  They also make a mean avocado shake... get it, it's delicious.  We usually order one of the combination plates so we can have a bit of leftovers to take home.  Everything I've had here is good but I especially like their shrimp stuff.   See ya there!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nga C.', '4', "As many combinations as there are for broken rice plates, I don't really care as long as the place has great Korean ribs.  Other than that, there's not much to say about this place. I prefer this restaurant over Com Tam Dat Thanh or whatever... Service is good for the most part, and I always enjoy my food when I'm here. The soup is good too... but come on, you don't go to a com tam place for soup. Oh, and you can never forget the nem nuong cuon! I could go for some right now..."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kaddy N.', '1', 'The service is like shit! Nothing more! The guy almost started a fight with me. No tips and this is the last time I eat here!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mary N.', '5', "I'm a fan here..I love the Com Tam (broken rice) here so much, it's sooo good! This is the only place for me to go to whenever I'm craving for Com Tam. I came here everytime I visited San Jose."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Marilyn P.', '4', "This is my favorite restaurant for com tam (broken rice dish).  The broken rice is always cooked to perfection, neither too dry nor too soggy.  The grilled pork is flavorful and extra tender.  The portion is huge, totally worth the money. The only problem with this restaurant is the wait.  If you come here during lunch hour on the weekend, the wait is usually more than 30 minutes.  So if you are not in a hurry and have the patience to wait, then it's completely worth the wait."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Steven B.', '4', "I love com tam (broken rice) and when I crave it, this is my first spot of choice! Com tam bi ga nuong tau hu ky is my favorite which is broken rice with bbq chicken, shredded pork, and shrimp cake. Everytime I order it, taste exactly the same! My mother is hard to please when it comes to Vietnamese food and if she comes here time after time, it's definitely a winner. Service lacks sometimes, they can be forgetful or a little bit on the slower end but the food makes up for it."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Katelyn N.', '5', 'This place is worth it! I love com tam and I have been eating here for a while. I usually get #33 or the one with bbq pork. Highly recommend this place!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'J E.', '5', "San Jose undoubtedly has the best pho in the Bay Area, so when my sister suggested Com Tan Thien Huong, I knew it would be a thousand times better than SF pho! First off, the restaurant is a little difficult to find since it's in a strip mall filled with various establishments that have similar names. We visited on a Friday and Saturday and was pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn't too packed, which was great news for us! Immediately upon being seated, the server took our orders and brought us our drinks. Both days, I ordered #16, which is Pho Tai, however, on the second day, I ordered extra meat since they are a tad skimpy on the beef!  I found it a little odd that they gave me the extra Tai in a bowl of broth, but hey, whatever floats their boat! The pho was amazing as it was properly seasoned, had tons of veggies, and the beef was fresh and didn't appear to be frozen. The only thing that I didn't like about Com Tam Thien Huong was that their boba drinks (had a mango smoothie with boba) was terribly made and not properly blended. Other than that, Com Tam Thien Huong definitely is top 5 in my books for pho!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ray T.', '4', 'I really enjoyed the banh mi from this place so I was looking forward to trying their rice plates. However, the rice plates are just average, overall not as good as my current #1 spot, Com Tam Dat Thanh. The BBQ Beef Rib is not quite as flavorful (although a bit sweeter), BBQ Pork Chop is very small, dry and puny too compared to DT. Fried Shrimp Cake was very thin and small. Shredded pork skin was also kind of bland. I had heard good things about their specialty Nem Nuong Cuon, but I was also sadly unimpressed with it. Avocado shake was weak, too light on avocado flavor. The interior is clean and nice-looking, and the service is ok, but other than that, Dat Thanh is still my favorite go-to com tam spot.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Minh N.', '4', "The portion size hear is huge so it is a good bang for your bucks. As for the actual taste, it's actually prettyy good. Especially the fish sauce that we use to drizzle on the com tam. Overall: nice place, authentic taste (kinda similar to how com tam tastes like in Vietnam), big portion and will definitely return here!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dan L.', '4', 'One of my three go-to spots for Com Tam.  And every time I am here, I always get the #71.  And more often than most I would also order a side Nem Nuong to munch on before my dish comes out. The Nem Nuong itself is delicious.  However there is a spot inside the mall that has a much better sauce, but a generic-ish Nem Nuong roll.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vicky H.', '2', 'It is very very stuffy in here. I felt like my lungs were going to collapse from the bbq smoke. Not my favor to go spot for a broken rice plate, But their nem nhuong here is pretty good. Small portions, and I believe they take card here. Soun Bo Dai Han is good with an egg! (korean bbq ribs)...']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Larry N.', '1', "Ordered 2 rice dishes for 2 people to eat. Only 1 came out. They didn't question why the other person don't have food when the 1 dish came out. Waited 20 minutes, then I finally told them where's my other rice dish? Then they finally brought out the 2nd rice dish (They most likely forgot). What kind of service is that??? On top of that, there was a long waiting line of like 15 minutes. I know why there's a line now. There service is very slow, so they created their own line cause of their slowness. Very bad experience."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Chris V.', '4', "I hit this place in the middle of the afternoon, well beyond peak lunch and well before peak dinner. It looks pretty darn nice on the inside compared to your standard entry-level Vietnamese restaurant. The food came quickly after we ordered, and it was good. I had the com tam suon bo Dai Han tom nuong (Korean beef and grilled shrimp). It was delicious. Only issues were the waiter somehow mixing up both drink and food orders between my friend and I, the lack of pretty much any other sort of service (yeah I know this is common in these kinds of restaurants, sue me), and perhaps the portion size being a wee bit small? Could've used either one more piece of shrimp or one more rib. Or maybe I was just hungry, I dunno. I'd definitely recommend this for good com tam. They don't serve pho, so find somewhere else for that."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Huy T.', '3', "My family raves about this chain as one of their top favorites when it comes to pho. Unfortunately, they've likely never been to this specific location of the chain. When we got there at early dinner time at 6:45pm, the noodles to make the pho ran out despite it being nearly half the menu, leading anyone to wonder what's going on. My wife and I ordered the other items instead, a rice plate and a clear noodle bowl. The rice plate was unfortunately below average, but the clear noodles did well. With decent service and I assume some good dishes when the pho is around, the inconsistency and inventory problems seem like the standard case of mall food failures."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lien T.', '4', "I'm usually not much of a com tam ( ) eater, but after I tried Thien Huong's com tam, I've been a huge fan! Even my parents love it here, so that must mean the food is THAT good! Com tam ( ) is basically a very inexpensive and fulfilling Vietnamese rice dish that comes with a huge variety of things. You can choose from grilled pork, grilled beef, grilled shrimp, tau hu ky (braised tofu skin stuffed with shrimp), eggs, bi (a type of shredded pork), and/or cha (Vietnamese pork salami). It also comes with a side of fish sauce for extra flavoring. I like the com tam with thit nuong (grilled pork), tau hu ky, and a sunny-side-up egg. I especially like the thit nuong here because they make the pork very flavorful, tender, and juicy. Often times when pork is grilled, it's tenderness and juiciness is lost and the meat becomes very tough and dry. I don't need to worry about that here though, it's excellent here! I also like the tau hu ky because it's freshly made and the braised tofu skin isn't too crispy. I also really like their nem nuong ( ), which are spring rolls with grilled pork patties. The dipping sauce is sweet, thick, and just so delicious! Apparently the restaurant opened up sometime this year, so the store is super clean and new. Their customer service could use a little polishing, but I've learned to not expect too much from a casual Vietnamese restaurant. As long as they get my order right and as long as they don't give me a major attitude when I ask for a refill then they are cool in my book."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Calvin T.', '4', "Gone are the days of fatty, over charred, rubbery, salty thit nuong. Rejoice for the soft, moist, perfectly skewered, hint of lemongrass, well marinated thit nuong that this place blesses upon it's hungry and eager patrons who order it.  However, thit nuong is not the only specialty that Thien Huong has up it's sleeve. They are also the creators of the closest version of the nem nuong cuon that Brodards offers to the lucky people of Westminster. Other places have tried, but only here is the closest to the original. With the savory meat, the crunchy egg roll skin, fresh veggies, warm and delectable sauce, the cuon is some of the best around. There is still a tiny little something missing that only Brodards can produce, but I just can't put my finger on it. (maybe it's the fact that I'm not in Westminster and not able to pig out on all the vietnamese snacks available). Either way it's a great treat to start the meal off with.  The portions aren't as big as Dat Thanh's and maybe even a touch more expensive, but there is still no way you will be leaving hungry. The dishes are more refined and a bit less heavy handed. The decor also reflects this premium in the fancier decorations vs the low key, more utilitarian decor that other com tam places employ.  Having been one of the many blessed customers, I can't stop craving for more. Since this place opened, it has become the go-to place that my family goes to when we're craving for some com tam.  Thien Huong is a step in the right direction to take com tam to a higher level and I'm thankful that they're not charging such a premium to make it feel like it's not worth the money."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vylani S.', '1', "I went to this resteraunt yesterday and my family wait heed for almost an hour!!! So before we left we found  out that they completely forgot our orders. If you are coming to this place soon don't they will forget your order"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Huan T.', '1', 'We came to the door....wait like 10 minutes until one waiter showed up to escort us??!! ...and the rest of like 3 of them sitting eating their lunch ! Once sat down, another waiter come and say "uhh, can you two go to another section since I need to clean !!!" wtf, he can have all the space to clean other tables at no problem ! Alright, we wait for another friend to come later. Once he came by, we raised and waved to ask them to come to take our orders...."ok be right there" for like 5 times !! wtf. You kidding me ??? my friend asked to leave way before this...but I say "you know what...am so tired (after my basketball games)...just let\'s eat and get this over with" I should have listened to that advice at the beginning !!  PLEASE NEVER COME TO THIS PLACE...MAKE SURE EVERYONE NOT COMING HERE AND THEY NEED TO GO OUT OF BUSINESS TO TREAT CUSTOMERS RIGHT ! WTF']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jenny N.', '5', "Best Com Tam EVER! Try the com tam bi, tau hu ky, trung chien, thit nuong (broken rice with pork skin, bean curd roll, fried egg, and grilled pork)! Also the nem nuong cuon! Their pork chops, korean ribs, and grilled chicken are all good too! They have a really good menu of Vietnamese items, but their com tam (broken rice dishes) are the best! The wait is kind of long on the weekends when you're trying to eat in, but I normally order and pick up. The restaurant sits inside of Grand Century Mall, there's plenty of parking!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'My N.', '5', 'I love their rice plates! I like that I can make any rice plate I want. Definitely worth the wait. Place: Nice, somewhat crowded, noisy, casual Food: Great, their fish sauce']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anh D.', '4', "3.5 stars.  My cousin and his girlfriend were visiting from Texas, and my cousin wanted his girlfriend to try some real Vietnamese food. We thought it would be nice to take her to Grand Century Mall, since she could try some sugarcane juice, cafe sua da, and of course, there would be a bunch of Vietnamese restaurants we could choose from for lunch. We decided upon Com Tam Thien Huong for lunch, since we all wanted some rice, and my husband and I were fans of the first Thien Huong location. The restaurant looks great, with nice lighting and ambiance. Anyway, we got there at about 11:20 am and were happy to beat the lunch rush.  Service is typical of other Vietnamese restaurants, but they are a bit nicer than other places. Don't expect to get checked up on often, though. If you need someone, flag a person down. For an appetizer, we had the nem nuong, and they were pretty good here! The specialty of the house is the porkchops. So, of course, we ordered the porkchops and the Korean barbecue short ribs. For sides, we had the shrimp in tofu skin (fried until golden crispy) (aka tau hu ky), egg sunny side up, and the shrimp on sugarcane (chao tom).  Broken rice (com tam) is supposed to be drier than other rice dishes, so the rice here had a very good texture. The nuoc mam pha (prepared fish sauce) is too bland and sweet for me, but thank goodness there is extra pure fish sauce on the tables for us to mix in with our nuoc mam pha.  Besides the nuoc mam pha being bland, the meats were perfect - I loved the porkchops and Korean short ribs. The sides were also very flavorful. Delicious! :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jayme N.', '4', "Came with my family on a busy weekend so the wait was pretty long, but the food was worth it. Definitely get the rice combo plate (the pork was really good). It's pricy but it's a pretty big portion good for 2 girls or a guy. The area was a decent size and the decor was very nice except for the super random tiki bar that did not match the rest of the place. Service was decent but I'm definitely coming back here for the rice plates. Yummm"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kenny L.', '3', 'First time here with my viet buddy after he dragged me and a few friends for some vietnamese food... and ehhh i was average. Just like most places in San Jose, this vietnamese spot gets you full but their rice plates are just average.  Their service is decent ... nothing special or wow-ing. Their spring rolls are pretty good though, I did enjoy them more than my combination rice plate.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jeanette Y.', '2', "Me: Which dish is more popular? The bbq chicken or the pork chop? Server: Just pick one. *Ugly snare* Me: ... Uh. I guess I'll try the chicken. SUCH SNOOTY SERVICE! And the food isn't wow enough for me to come here again. UGH. There is no wow in the food at all. I think I'll stick with my locals in the east bay."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kevin S.', '1', "Service was lousy. The food tasted like I just heated up something from the microwave. I ordered pho with tendons and tripes and there was only ONE very small tendon that you can't even notice it with the human eye. English is important. If you're going to open up a business in America...much less in California, it's a MUST to know how to speak it. The waiters could hardly understand what I tried to order and I had to repeat it exactly 5 times until my friend just translated it for me in Vietnamese. This so called restaurant...is a joke and a waist of space in the city of San Jose and I'm not even from that city lol"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Desmond T.', '3', "I've only had broken rice plates a couple of times. I currently hold my standards to Com Tam Dat Thanh, which is the best place to get broken rice plates. Apparently, this location is also owned by Com Tam Dat Thanh so I had some high hopes for this place. Here's a breakdown comparison: Com Tam Thien Huong: - A lot more variety to choose from if you don't want broken rice dish - Broken rice plates are smaller - Limited fish sauce - Cleaner - Accepts credit card Com Tam Dat Thanh: - Little to no variety, specialize in broken rice dish - HUGE PORTIONS, meat is really tender and fatty - UNLIMITED FISH SAUCE - A bit dirty, hole-in-the-wall feel - Cash only ----------------------- Food isn't bad here, but I've had better. Service is a bit slow. If you want legit broken rice plate, go to Com Tam Dat Thanh."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Danny N.', '4', "There are a couple of these locations now located relatively close to one another and closed on certain days of the week, based on location. They are known for their broken rice dishes or vermicelli served with charbroiled meats.  My favorites are the suon bo dai han (korean spare ribs) and the bbq chicken, although my family loves the pork chops. The dishes are very fulfilling, broken rice, dried shredded pork, cured veggies, a bowl of soup, and nuoc mum (fish sauce + lemon + sugar together). The meats are usually cooked well, great flavor, nice little char on it to top it off. When mixed together, it reminds me of the dirt cheap versions I've had in Vietnam with my dad, sitting in those plastic chairs and small wooden tables. You can add things on, such as egg cake, shrimp patty, sunny side egg, etc., if you want more to your meal. Value: It's fair value, considering the amount of food, it is pretty darn good.  Fair seating, also plenty of other locations. I recommend checking this spot out. Only a minus 1/2 point for the possible wait on the weekends, these places fill up fast. Could be a tad cheaper. But I would give it 4.5 / 5 if I could."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Alison W.', '4', "Spring rolls (nem nuong cuon) are a must. They come in an order of 2 or 4. Pretty good, like the crunch in it. Sauce is alright. Though not as great as the so-cal restaurant people compare it to here on yelp. I like that they gave us each a little bowl of sauce instead of trying to share one little bowl among the table while avoiding double dipping. My cousin also said the combo/special plates are the biggest he's ever seen - it's a lot of food. I just opted for the grilled pork over the broken rice. It was a lot of food and after eating one spring roll, I saved half my meal for lunch the following day. And I was still stuffed. Good flavor on the pork and cooked done. Also came with veggies, egg patty, a piece of fried tofu/bean curd and soup. Think it was also about 10 bucks. So not bad. Located in the shopping mall, with a huge parking lot and pretty close to me. I might get stuff to go here more often."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany T.', '3', "So why do we drive alllll the way to San Jose to eat at Com Tam? For their spring rolls of course! The pork spring rolls to be exact. :) Yes, we usually travel from San Francisco to San Jose when we are feeling for some spring rolls and feel like going shopping at Valley Fair. Might as well make the most out of it if we're driving 45 mins out here! I've tried their regular spring rolls, imperial rolls & rice dishes. All were mediocre but very large portions so very filling. Come prepared! This place is probably the closest thing to Brodard's (a spring roll place in Los Angeles for those who aren't aware) pork spring rolls. They add some fried egg roll wrappers or something similar to add a crunch to every bite. Delish! Try this place if you're in the area. Spring rolls come in 2 or 4 rolls per order. Eat as a snack :) Next stop.. Bambu for dessert drinks, outside the around the corner.. I'm a fatty har har! :P"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Zha L.', '4', "I have never been satisfied with a com tam meal until I had one here. My mom's friend has been raving about this place, and I am so glad that we gave it a try! The food was just excellent and so tasty! I loved the broken rice with the bbq chicken.. along with the fried bean curd skin with shrimp inside.. and the shrimp on sugar cane stick.. and shredded pork.. and the egg thingy.. and the soup with the onion bits. Yum. All for around 10 bucks too! This was actually a large meal, and a good size to share.  Their spring rolls were good too. We ordered two of each kind. A pair for the shrimp, and another pair for the sausage. The waiter brought two different sauces for rolls, and it really complimented each other well. This restaurant is pretty nice when compared to the other ones in the mall. It opened not too long ago, so the interior decor is nice. Service was pretty good since it wasn't busy. And I believe it's cash only (no surprise there). I want to give this place 5 stars, but their restroom was just no bueno. Other than that, I am sure I will be coming back here again soon!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Sophie L.', '3', 'Super long wait... the pork spring roll is AWESOME! everything else is kind of just ok... the service was not very good.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Javier B.', '4', "This place is divided between the Soyfoul desserts and this place.  It is relatively a small restaurant with a few tables. Don't come during busy rush hour.  Other than that pretty decent soups and food. Nice service"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lily G.', '4', 'We go to Com Tam Dat Thanh for rice plates, because the meat here is smaller and saltier-very nicely presented dishes and ambiance is good but not big on size or meat and there is usually a short wait. BUT this is the go to place for Nem nuong cuon -grilled pork patty spring roll...MMMM Pork and SAUCE SO GOOD. I could eat these for days.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Candace A.', '1', "I don't know why I do this to myself. I decided to give this place a second chance after they humiliated me. I went there for lunch with my cousin and order the same thing. I had the nem nuong cuon and canh bun. My cousin had the bun cha gio thit nuong. As always, the food was awesome but then my cousin found HAIR in her food! OMG! I almost died! Even though it wasn't in my food but seeing it anywhere near was enough for me. It's just too bad. This place has good food (minus the hair of course), ok customer service (typical Vietnamese restaurant), and nice decor but I've had too many bad experiences here. I'm just sorry I HAD to give them a star. YELP didn't give me a choice."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anton N.', '2', "This is a clean and decent place for com tam but as others had written the service leaves a lots of room for improvement. I came with 3 others and asked for one of the booth for better privacy but were told that they are not available bc they are cleaning. I asked that we could wait but rudely told that it will be a while, and quickly escorted to the back corner. The waitress came quickly and took our order but never came back to check on us to see if we were  ok. In fact we were not. Some of the condiments (chilly paste for fish sauce, black pepper) were missing from our table and I had a hard time to get anyone attention at all. It seems that they just take your order, slab it down to your table, and then they are done.  One person in our group wanted a straw for her drink, and again she can't get anyone to come by. I wanted to leave so I walked over to the cashier and asked for one!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Geezy B.', '5', 'I should just move to San Jose, CA. - NY Yelp User']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mickey L.', '5', 'If you are a fan of Vietnamese food, this is worth the trip and money. I recommend their specialty plate that is a bit pricey but can easily feed two if you get an extra bowl of rice. There is variety and a great fish sauce flavor here.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'David H.', '5', 'What\'s with the 3.5 star review?! You\'d seriously be hard pressed to find a better com tam place in all of the Bay Area...and I\'m talking just the food here...c\'mon it\'s a Vietnamese place where bad service is just the norm. Let\'s talk about the combo plate plate for a second: - Grilled Pork: Lemon grass + fish sauce + sugar + pork...what more can you want; a little sweet, a little salty, savory. It really has that certain "umami" - Shredded Pork: Totally not stingy with the pork and heavy with the noodles as some places are - Fried tofu sheets: The only way to prepare tofu...fried. Super crisp, light airy layers. - Pork Loaf (sorry I don\'t know what else to call it): One of the better versions out there - Ground shrimp on sugarcane: Again another traditional accompaniment done very well. Oh and it\'s cheap!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Eric D.', '4', 'Com sung nuong is one of the best I\'ve ever had. The interior sets this restaurant apart from its competitors across the mall, and frankly, the food is much much better. The portions are smaller than other places that sell the traditional Vietnamese com sung nuong (or what I like to call "rice steak") but you get the quality here that you won\'t get anywhere else. The meat is always tender and the rice is perfectly cooked.  The avocado shake is freaking amazing, but sometimes they run out of it (bummer days). If you\'re going here, it\'s one of the drinks you should definitely try. If you decide to eat in the story mall, this is the place to go.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anne T.', '1', "Came here for a family dinner since the Senter location was further, so we decided to stop here.  Food order was quick, the rolls were expected to be Brodard's copy cat rolls.. When it came time to pay the bill, I stood at the cashier waiting patiently, trying to stay out of the way.. no waiter could be waved down since it was a busy Saturday night.  What ticks me off is that I am standing there and 3 old ladies cut right in front of me. I step forward to ask the lady for the bill at my table and she rudely cuts me off and tells me the 3 ladies were in front of me. I corrected her and said I've been waiting in line and was here way before those ladies.  I wished I would have stormed out without paying, but I didn't.  What's worse than a rude cashier? The MSG after taste in your mouth. Not stepping back into this place."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Stizo X.', '4', "Great vietnamese restaurant in Little Saigon plaza, san jose.  The food is one of my favorites as far as vietnamese, but everyone has their particular taste.  You will almost always wait 30 minutes to get seated here and there isn't much of a waiting area other than Standing Room Only (the mall) lol.  But usually when you have a tasty menu, culturally on-point and backed-up by good chefs...these type of business tend to lack in customer service...because we all want the food and they know it, Lol.  Oh well, that's how it goes...  Big headed when you got it, kiss ass when you dont.  So there you go...great vietnamese food and the sacrifice of good service."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Levana L.', '2', "The service sucks. We asked if we could move from the booths to the tables because it was too far to eat from, and one of the workers straight up said it was a 6 seater, basically giving us no options. Not only did he not give us options, he turned around right after saying that one sentence. A more elderly man came to take our order and we said we weren't ready yet so he asked what we wanted to drink, as we were telling him we wanted 1 water and 2 cups of tea, he literally walked away while we were talking. A minute later he comes back to ask if we were ready yet.. like no sir we are not ready yet. Also, these 2 ladies were standing at the cashier paying and one of the servers carrying out food, was just standing there telling them to move so he can get through..? just go around dude! Seriously need to work on the customer service at this place. Whoever is working in the kitchen though, you keep doing you because the food is great and the portion for the rice plates are perfect!!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Pansy L.', '3', "Food is okay.  Price is more expensive than other com tam restaurants. Restaurant is clean. Customer service isn't great. Half the time I've been here, they have forgotten to bring one of our orders. Not a terrible place, but not a great place either."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jenna L.', '4', "I do love their nem nuon rolls :D It is 2nd place after Brodards. I also ordered their com tam w/ korean bbq ribs (i think it's better than Dat Thanh's korean bbq ribs). Soup is also accompanied with the rice plate as well. Fast service and very clean! 2 thumbs up!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ricky C.', '3', "This is my go to broken rice place in SJ. I usually get the broken rice plate with BBQ ribs and its always on point. Its usually full but I rarely have to wait for more than 15 minutes. The only thing I don't like is if you sit near the kitchen, there's a really strong odor. The price is around $9 per plate and its pretty filling. Overall the staff is quite friendly and pretty quick."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kind N.', '5', 'Com Tam is my fan before...but lately.. I try not eat too much Rice... But if you like to eat Com Tam....here is the best place to try. (-:']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Bo T.', '4', 'I love their broken rice with pork chop, bi cha, tau hu ky, Korean BBQ or the combination. Fish sauce is so yummy too. I come here more often since I love that food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tuyet C.', '4', 'I love it here! I only like to eat com tam here, nowhere else! The short ribs are marinated and cooked to perfection! It was cooked but was still VERY juicy! The portion was alot too! The service was alright, wasnt bad. No other com tam place will beat this place!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'David L.', '1', "Really disappointed at today's service and food, our plate came out cold and the usually crisy tau hu ky was soggy, the portion is notably smaller. The thien huong on capital expressway is so much better, will skip this place from now on, did make a comment to our server before we left."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hillary D.', '4', "I don't live in the area but I visit quite a bit. Every time I drop in, family always treats me to this restaurant. There's always a line and the service is usually rushed and underwhelming but the food is good so it can be forgiven. I usually get the Bun Tom BBQ ( BBQ shrimp w/ noodles) or the Com Tam Tom BBQ with To Hu Ky ( Rice plate w/ BBQ shrimp and crispy fried tofu shrimp patty.) I'm very picky about the way my shrimp is cooked, if its boiled to smush or is not cleaned properly I will not return to that restaurant. TH butterflies and grills shrimp perfectly! The shrimp has great flavor and texture every time. Though the service leaves something to be desired and the wait list is terrible the food is worth it.  TIPS: -Know what you want to order. -Get there early, avoid dining on holidays. -If there is a line, don't forget to walk in and sign up. -Don't leave if there is a wait, they'll just get annoyed and skip you."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'My Linh N.', '5', 'This is the best place for com tam (broken rice plates) in the Bay Area! Their com ga hai nam (Hunan chicken over ginger chicken rice) is pretty decent. My husband gets the crazy combo plates, which has a little of everything! Way too much for me. My favorite plate is the BBQ Korean beef rib over rice. Omg the meat is tender, the flavor is just on point! The only downside is that the portion of this plate is kind of small! I think they should add at least one more rib piece.... One more thing, if you come on the weekend around noon expect to wait! The lines are pretty crazy! But yes, worth the wait!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'T N.', '3', "I visited this store as an out-of-town guest on a Thursday's afternoon at 4:00 pm local time. The store did not have that many people. Service in my opinion could be better. The lady just did not seem to be very attentive and friendly. I ordered a simple com tam, bi, cha, thinh nuong. The food was a little late (10 minutes with the store only has 4 or 5 additional guests), not too late in my standard but I did not have a good impression with service (like they don't want you to be there). I would imagine if the store is even half busy one would probably have to wait longer. The soup that came with dish was excellent, very flavorful. Everything else is a-ok. I will try other com tam stores before coming back here. Again, I think food is decent but service is not!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Thomas v.', '5', 'I ordered special rice #70. Everything taste delicious and fresh. We can tell they serve fresh cooked. The bad part is they forget our nem nng. But it turn out better for us, since we did not expect our portion is huge. Too much meat, shrimp paste, shredded pork skin...they all ridiculous yummy. The fish sauce is one of the best made.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Angel H.', '5', 'My boyfriend brought me here for my first time and it was Delicious! It was really busy but they work so fast that we got seated in like 5 minutes. I got bbq short ribs with a rice cake and it was delicious!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Peter Z.', '5', 'Great tasting and large plate of broken rice + BBQ pork chop + steamed pork cake + shrimp stick + tofu wrapped shrimp (I ordered #43).   The wait on the weekend is crazy, but we were seated fairly quickly.   Definitely coming back again!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Raman S.', '3', 'This place is popular for their broken rice and barbecue meat dishes. I was there recently for lunch and tried their chicken barbecue and broken rice. It was O.K. I do not personally like the taste of the fish sauce they use. But most of my friends who had lunch with me liked it and they think the food served here was very authentic. They specialized in the  northern Vietnamese dishes.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tran N.', '3', "I came here with my bf's family to celebrate his mom's birthday. This place was packed for a random Friday afternoon. There was a 20 minute wait for a party of 5. And of course parking at Grand Century is always a little ridiculous.  The food was good, I ordered my standard com tam bi, cha, tau hu ky. Food was tasty and came out relatively quickly. Maybe it's my personal taste, but I thought the nuoc mam was really sweet here. Service is what can be expected at a Viet restaurant.  Overall I think I prefer Dat Thanh's com tam, but will come here again because the food is good and the restaurant is much cleaner!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hasan Y.', '4', "This place is awesome. Nice Vietnamese food. It is Open Late. Just watch out They don't take credit cards."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tyler D.', '1', 'Their service is so bad. I will never come to this restaurant again. The manager is so impolite. I came twice and they alway served wrong my order. Once time the manager she yelled at my cousins when we came. What kind of restaurant is it? Everyone should be careful when you come.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vi L.', '4', "I've gone here multiple times. One of the better com tam (broken rice plates) in San Jose. Warning, on the weekends, the wait can be up to an hour sometimes, but good thing is there's lots of places around to past the time around or just stop by the food court to grab a snack.  My usual go to plate is the Korean BBQ short ribs with the fried shrimp cake. All the rice plates are pretty good. The menu can be kind of overwhelming at first because there's so many choices, but just remember, they're all variations of the same things, just depends on what meat you want (chicken, pork or beef) and if you want it to be a 2, 3, 4...item plate. Another popular dish here is the Nem Nuong Cuon (Marinated Pork Sausage spring roll). I really like that there's a rolled up eggroll wrapper in the middle. It adds a little extra crunch to each bite. A good dish to share with friends or just get it as an entree if you're not too hungry. The soup that comes on the side is pretty bland in my opinion. I've had better, but you're mainly going here for the rice plates. I've had the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (Vermicelli noodles with grilled pork and egg rolls). It's okay, but I've had better. If you want something on the lighter side with more veggies, this is probably a better choice for you.  Overall, great place to eat. Go before noon on the weekends and there usually isn't a wait. It's inside the Grand Century, so be prepared for a lot of people and especially during weekends, the parking lot is packed."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany N.', '5', 'Great portions and clean restaurant located inside the Grand Century Mall. I enjoyed this location better than the one by Capitol Expressway.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Richard A.', '5', "Yeah this place is BOMB! Of all of the vietnamese restaurants iv been at this by far blows all of the rest away. Fast friendly and service great food and drinks. Also this place won't hurt your wallet.  The price is just right. I found my new favorite vietnamese place to eat at."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'R V.', '5', "This place rocks!! Even though their wait is ridiculous sometimes i really like the food here. + Nem nuong is beyond yummy! i tried many other places that serve nem nuong but so far this place has been a solid place for me to get my fix on!!  + I usually order the bi cha suon bo dai han wish is great too!  - Besides their service is bit slow i don't really mind... i don't like to rush things when i'm actually enjoying my food :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lyn C.', '4', "The spring rolls + sauce are a MUST!  Lots of rice plates that I don't really care that much about, but them sprang rolls with the crunchy wrapper are bomb!  Service is expected Asian service and there can be a wait to get seated, but the atmosphere/ambiance is nicer than expected.   Another pro:  accepts credit card."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Al B.', '5', 'Although I have only dined at this place once, I must say it did give me a good impression of a typical Vietnamese restaurant. The environment was nice and the service was great. I ordered a shrimp, beef, and bean curd wrap rice dish and it was delicious. The quantity was filling and the service was somewhat quick but not to complain. The only problem is that during peak hours, be prepared for long lines so come early.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lily L.', '2', "My husband & I have been here at least 4 times before, and each time we find there's just too much MSG used in most of their dishes, especially the broth. Taste wise, it's quite decent, if you don't mind a load of MSG. The after-taste never leaves me a good feeling in the end along with much thirst for water a short time later. Hence, the 2 stars. Will return to my preferred com tam place inside Lion Food Court next time. The drive maybe longer & portion maybe smaller, but it certainly is healthier & more tasty."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jacky D.', '3', 'Food was alright but service was below satisfactory. Waiters got the orders wrong, brought us out the wrong orders. After telling them they took about 10-20 minutes to actually bring out the right order.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Bao Kha N.', '3', "same quality of food but owner increased the price, used to be $$8.75 now $10. Justify??? i don't think so."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'K P.', '3', "3.5 stars!  Decided on trying out this place after walking around Grand Century Plaza and seeing that this was one of the busier restaurants.   It's clean for a vietnamese restaurant (I'm use to hole in the wall places), and it is a tad more expensive, but overall I think the food and presentation were good.  Service was slightly above average.  Quite impressed when they said they'll bring us out water without us asking.. or reminding them. The com tam with BBQ chicken, shrimp, and shrimp patty was tasty but the chicken was a tad tough.  The portion was filling.   I had the bun thit nuong (rice noodles with pork), which I enjoyed.  The thit nuong was flavorful (ahem, salty, which I love!), and I would probably come here again to eat this rather than going to my default Vung Tau. We also ordered the nem nuong cuon, but it never came out.  It was probably a good thing though since we were both stuffed by the time we were done with our plates.  The waiter did cross it off the bill for us without any problems. As far as com tam places, com tam dat thanh is still probably the favorite, but this place isn't too far behind."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Annnn P.', '5', 'Love all thien huong places....love the food there.  They are way better than com 90 degree.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ha L.', '4', "Minus one star for the awful wait. I loveee their pork chops. It's better than Com Tam Dat Thanh for me. I think people like that place because it's super cheap.  I love getting their broken rice with pork chops. Their portions are ok, but I guess in fat America, it can seem small. Service is mediocre, but you're in a Vietnamese restaurant, not sure what you expect...  I like this location better than the Senter one, but I may be biased because this one looks cleaner..."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'J B.', '3', 'The rice plates with chicken was good and the Seafood soup was not. This place has bad parking , but, once inside it is nice.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'A P.', '4', 'I really liked the com tam here. I took out one star because my pork chop had an overdose of sauce.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Joanna W.', '2', 'Came here for a quick lunch with a friend on a Tuesday afternoon and it was empty.   Do not order anything that\'s not on the menu or make any requests - unless you know Vietnamese. None of the workers understand English. We had a 2-piece order each of the spring roll and grilled pork roll to share, and 2 orders of the 4-piece grilled pork roll to go (for dinner for the bfs and us). After sitting there for 10-15 minutes, my friend went up to ask for the check and the to-go order. They totally forgot about the order and made it then (we were sitting at a table where I could see the kitchen). However, the to-go order got lost in translation. We got 2 orders of 2-piece grilled pork roll. We decided to leave with that since we didn\'t want to wait or cause any more "trouble." What a disappointment. Service was not that great considering we were 1 of the 7 parties in there. I\'m wondering if we didn\'t get better service because 1) that\'s the norm; 2) we only ordered appetizers; or 3) we didn\'t know Vietnamese. A group of teenagers came in, sang some song and asked for donation. A girl actually went from table to table talking which made it awkward since either my friend nor I wanted to donate. Definitely made us felt bad.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tien N.', '5', 'I always go here to eat for lunch. Their service is great and also their food. There is so many plate you can choose from. I always walk out of there with a full tummy.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jenn L.', '3', "Decent food.. I always get the com tam bi, cha, thit nuong, with an egg. I've had better at com tam thanh but ehh.. this place will do. There has always been a wait every time i go there and i never really understand what's so great about it. it's decent food, not spectacular. I'm sure my mom can make better."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Henry T.', '4', "Not as good as brodard's, but way closer than driving to the OC. Stay away from the pho, get the chicken rice plates and of course the Grilled Pork Patty Spring Rolls."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica T.', '3', 'I recommend coming early or else it might get crowded.  The broken rice plates are good, but nothing special. I normally come here when I crave nem nuong! The nem nuong cuon is pretty good and probably the best one in NorCal (I miss Garden Grove in SoCal).  I find this place pricey for the amount that they give you, but the quality of the food is up to par.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nam L.', '2', "My parents were in town, but we just wanted to relax and eat at home before they caught their red-eye flight back to DC.  We decided to carry-out the rice plates from here we ordered a couple varieties.  In terms of pricing for Viet food it was a little on the higher side, but not expensive by any means.  Average rice plate was about $8 (this is normal pricing for Viet food for a former DC girl).  We ordered the traditional com tam bi suon cha, ga nuong, bo nuong, and one other type.   The food was mediocre.  It was a bit disappointing to come home and open the boxes to see dinky little pieces of meat with about 4 bowls worth of rice for what is considered one rice plate.  The bi was not memorable and the nuoc mam they gave us was way too sweet.  However, although small the short ribs were decently cooked and the cha was tasty.  It wasn't a complete loss, but definitely not the best I've ever had."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Norris T.', '4', "This is the second goto pho spot I would recommend going to while I'm in San Jose. They can get a line out of the door on the weekends or holidays but they use a very clean yet rich broth in their pho and they serve great big portions which is just fine by me. Beware the crowds but if you have the time this is definitely worth the wait."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'sonya h.', '4', 'Came here one time during their grand opening.  The food/service was good and fast.  It hit the spot when you crave for good vietnamese food.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica L.', '3', "great place for spring rolls if you're craving for Brodards. Their spring rolls are very similar if not identical to them. If you don't speak a lick of Vietnamese, good luck communicating with their employees."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Madeline W.', '5', 'A friend of mine took me here to try broken rice and now I\'m addicted! Broken rice dishes are delicious! What is it about that texture...?? I haven\'t tried broken rice anywhere else, so I don\'t have much to compare this to. From from this silly white girl\'s perspective, the food rocks! Overall, I like their dishes a lot better than the more expensive Vung Tau (which doesn\'t serve broken rice).   You might have trouble eating here without a Vietnamese translator. But I\'m sure if you say "broken rice" and point at the menu, there will be people on staff that can bring you something delicious. =)']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Diane A.', '5', "I went to the deli in the back of the restaurant, so I'm only writing a review for their banh mi thit nuong.  It was totally yummy!  The meat was freshly grilled and had that smoky flavor, whereas the veggies were fresh and generous.  The price and size were standard for San Jose, but of course better than what you can find in SF.  Too bad this place wasn't closer!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Amy T.', '4', "This place is my favorite com tam place. Although the wait are always long on weekends, it's worth the wait. The food's is delicious! You should check it out if you haven't already !"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vy H.', '4', "I've tried the com tam, rolls and hainam chicken. It's pretty tasty here. Definitely worth trying."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mikey T.', '4', "This place is so much better than Com Tam Dat Thanh over on Tully. It's much cleaner, for starters, and your clothes won't smell as much here. Seriously, even just driving past Dat Thanh I can smell it in my car. You'd think that grilled meat is a pleasant smell, but it really isn't, especially if its so strong that you can smell it every time you pass by. I feel bad for the people who live in the apartment complex right next to Dat Thanh.  Thien Huong does a lot of things better than Dat Thanh. Their nem cuon is probably the best in town. I'm in Southern California probably every other month so I'm a real snob when it comes to nem cuon (Brodard is undoubtedly the best), but the rolls here are pretty decent. All of their grilled meats are much more tender and contain less fat than Dat Thanh's meat. The tau hu ky here is made with less bean curd wrap than Dat Thanh's, so it doesn't cut the roof of your mouth when you bite into it like Dat Thanh's does. The bi is thinner and contains less fat as well. The only advantage that Dat Thanh has over Thien Huong is their cha; Thien Huong's cha is relatively dry compared to Dat Thanh's. It's still pretty good though. I'm not saying that Dat Thanh is bad - I still eat it once in awhile (although I always take it to-go rather than eating in) - but Thien Huong is just plain better in almost every way. Well, except maybe for the service, but I wouldn't know; common rule of thumb is that 99% of Asian restaurants (and I mean Asian, not Asian-Fusion) you go to have terrible service by American standards, so I usually ignore that aspect of things when I go out to eat at an Asian place.   As a side note, the entire mall lost power during the middle of my meal (this was around 8 P.M. the other night) and people started screaming their heads off in Vietnamese. I won't take off any points for this because it was out of their control, but it was pretty funny."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'John Paul P.', '3', "After a few days of food experimenting for my food, they wanted to go back to a rice staple they're used to. The nem nuong here is just okay, doesn't hold a candle to the nem nuong cuon at Brodards in Orange County. Still not bad though. I got the special com tam with ga (chicken), tau huu ky, chao tom, cha, bi. They gave me instead the suon nuong, and insisted that was what I ordered. -1 star on service. The tau huu ky doesn't compare to the tau huu ky at Com Tam Dat Thanh, it's a little too crunchy and hurts when you eat. It also isn't pre cut, so it's a little harder to eat as well. The cha was a little dryer here as well, and the suon nuong was a bit on the salty side. The atmosphere is more sophisticated, and the prices slightly higher. The food just isn't as good. Average com tam place. If it means anything, my mom liked it more than Dat Thanh, but my dad agrees with me. 2.5/5 stars."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Kenny P.', '4', 'Strangely had Hu Tieu here when the restaurant name clearly read "Com Tam" or rice plate.  Very nice, clean, and modern interior of this place. Prices are a little higher because of it and the service is also a bit more relaxed.  I thought my Hu Tieu was actually pretty good, no remembrance of MSG.  I believe there was even a crab claw in my soup, I might recommend ordering it with the broth already in, instead of on the side.  The place got really busy by the time we were done and about to leave. They get a surprising amount of to go orders here as well.  This might be a good place to bring my non-Vietnamese friends who are inherently scared of the "dirty" Vietnamese restaurant.  Even if it\'s the one that serves the best Pho in town, which would be my main argument. But anyway, I should come back and try the Com Tam and then do an update.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anh-Dao H.', '5', 'Love the Nem Nuong Cuon here.  The rice plates are really good.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dang V.', '3', "Let's get straight to the point: Blah on the food: - Overpriced for what you get. $8 for Com Tam Bi Cha Thit Nuong?! This amount / quality would be worth $5.75 tops. - Soup was good but way way too much MSG. Explains why it was tasty... - Thit Nuong tasted like something I make at home all the time. Just boring marinated skewered bbq meat. I've never seen a respectable Com Tam place use this type of Thit Nuong before. - The proportion of Bi (shredded pork) to rice was off. All the bi disappeared and I was left with just rice the rest of the meal. - Cha (egg cake) was acceptable Pros: - The line of people may be long but it moves fast. Write your name down and stay put -- don't go wander around the mall. - They have the cool little green peppers that is indicative of a once authentic place that's gone *lazy*. Blah on location. For out-of-towners (or new-in-towners) you'll need to know: - It's INSIDE the Grand Century mall and the sign for it is on the side of the building instead of the front.  - Don't bother parking out front. Head to the back and save yourself time and headache. Would not take my parents here. Don't take yours either. You should go across the street to Com Tam Thanh and let me know how it is."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Susan L.', '4', 'I love the beef rib rice and shrimp sugarcane. Yummy']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ken L.', '3', "Get the nem spring rolls it's by far the best reason to go to this place. I come here often because of it. There is normally a wait regardless of what time you come on the weekends. I have only tried the rice combo plates since it's their specialty but in my options all the rice plates are just average. Overall I would recommend this place since it's clean and the nem spring rolls are awesome, plus after you eat you got a whole mall to walk around in. I stop at the green waffle place after my meal here but that's for another review =)."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Maria N.', '3', "Oh my if only i had a second stomach, i'd finish my food here.  So usually i starve myself before going here in order to finish the food, which i am still unable to finish it. They give you huge portions. Instead of one bowl of rice, it felt more like a whole rice pot. Lots of shredded pork. The fried shrimp patty was huge, but a bit salty and oily for my taste. Every portion of the food seemed so big, but what sadden me was that the BBQ pork was dinky small! Yes, it was marinated well, juicy, and tasty but it  was the size of my spoon utensil, and really scrawny i might add. I am a meat lover so without a decent amount of meat with my rice place is like losing the essence of my meal. The bad thing about being starved to death before eating here is that they are super slow at bringing out your food. I'd say my wait was for 30 minutes. So be aware, i know those of you turn into hulks when your food isn't brought to you in a decent amount of time because i sure did. Though, once i got my food i turned into mrs. pacman chomping the food down like there's no tomorrow.    In general, food = gooooood service = bad :("]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'James T.', '4', "Yes I think this is one of the best Vietnamese restaurants for com tam (broken rice) dish in the Bay area. It's much better than the same name restaurant at the corner of Story Rd.  They have many selections to go with your rice dish. Each plate comes with a good-size bowl of rice enough for a hungry man :-) Prices are very reasonable, given today's standard. There is always a line so schedule your time appropriately."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Catherine H.', '2', "Been going here for years and the food is good. One of my favorite places for broken rice actually. The food is the only reason I gave them two stars. The past two times, their service has been HORRIBLE. They ignored us when we called for them, they took forever to serve our food, and they usually are so good. But this happened twice to us. Probably never coming back to this location. There's another com tam then Huong not a quarter mile down the road. It has no on in it but its the same food. I recommend you go there instead of here if you want good service and the same good food."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Shirlene N.', '4', "The nem nuong cuon is as good as Boadard? in Garden Grove in SCAL. The porkchop is very good better than ones I have had in San Gabriel Valley. Juicy tender flavorful and not as fatty. I would come here again when I'm visiting. My friends are regulars and they say it gets busy there."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica C.', '4', 'One of the best places to get a rice plate. I got the #24 and it was delicious!! Highly recommended.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Elaine T.', '4', "Best com tam in San Jose, hands down! Their meats are well-marinated and oh so savory. Good down to the last bit. I've been going to Com Tam Dat Thanh and Com Tam Thanh for as long as I can remember, but now that's all changed.  Most places tend to give you a large slab of meat on your dish, which is too much for me personally. This place does it just right in terms of proportions.  The restaurant is pleasantly decorated and clean to boot. Although just one question-- What's up with all the Buddhas? Aren't buddhas vegetarian? Oh the irony.  There's also a second location on Senter Road, which is usually less crowded. I've eaten at both and I think there's more flavor in the food here. Also, there's always a chill that comes in whenever someone opens the door at the other place and the tile is a total hazard during the winter months. I mention this because I recall almost slipping from the rainwater that customers tracked in and as much as I love com tam, I surely DONT want it to be my last meal!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Victor C.', '4', 'If you think you\'ve had all the different variations of vietnamese rice place, you\'re wrong.  This place has all the combinations you can think of that are common among vietnamese rice place AND IT IS EXCELLENT! The appetizer (nem nuong?) was probably my favorite.  As the name of the restaurant implies "com tam" is a special kind of vietnamese rice place dish.  If you\'re not up for rice place, go somewhere else because you\'re not gonna find much else here.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nguyet K.', '3', "We were walking around at Grand Century and saw a line out the door, so decided to eat here. Waited in line for like 15 minutes, but worth the wait. Portion size is big, price a little pricy for Vietnamese place bc there are many options here in San Jose.  The service: The wait for food after ordering is like 10-15 minutes and we order the usually stuff like rice plates with grilled pork and grilled shrimp, nothing special. Then the staff didn't bring all the food we ordered at once, was missing one dish. We waited a few minutes, then had to call over a waiter to ask for last dish. The waiter bought the wrong dish over and we had to correct them. The staff didn't bring over the bill, we had to go to the counter to pay. Would give this place another chance bc the food is good."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vincent C.', '5', "Best com tam place I have had so far (disclaimer: I haven't tried that many). Way better than your average com tam place. In my opinion, it's better tasting than Com Tam Dat Thanh on Tully Rd, although it seems to go both ways in Yelp reviews. What's certain is that this place is definitely cleaner. Better at Com Tam Thien Huong: beef (delicious), chicken, shrimp cake (way better), broth (way better), shredded pork, walking distance to Bambu! Better at Dat Thanh: Pork dishes, grilled shrimp (not sure if they have this at Com Tam Thien Huong)."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Scott W.', '4', "Like many in the SF Bay Area, I've been fortunate to experience the top-notch nem nuong (grilled pork rolls) at Brodard in Orange County. My usual Vietnamese haunts in San Mateo county don't seem to make these so my lady and I trekked down to San Jose to track down the cream of the nem nuong crop. After a bit of research, this spot in the Grand Century Mall seemed like a good place to start. I'd say that Com Tam's definitely hit the mark but don't quite live up to Brodard's standard setters. Pork rolls aside, the jumbo #72 combo platter that we ordered was very solid. I would definitely return to this joint but with so many other options in the immediate area, I'd be inclined to continue our hunt for nem nuong elsewhere."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jenny A.', '4', "The food is good here, but it's definitely not as good as Dat Thanh.  The good thing about this place is how clean it is. I guess that makes up for the taste lol. Bottom line is: the food is good but it feels too sweet for me. The fish sauce is really sweet and the meat is marinated in a really sweet sauce. I didn't care for the egg cake, especially since it came out cold.  The soup it comes with is good, but I feel like they don't give you as much stuff as other com tam places.  I still would go here cause I HATE the location of Dat Thanh. Sweetness can be fixed by adding salt :)"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nhung T.', '2', "I only thing remotely good about this place is the nem rolls, especially the sauce. I'll give that a four star. As for everything else, not that great. The rice plate was horrible! The pork was super dry and cold and the bi didn't tasted like anything. The only thing that tasted good and fresh was the shrimp paste. Oh the side broth was nasty and I usually love sipping on it. The duck plate was horrible too, I'd rather go to Com Ga place on Story next to Bun Bo Hue An Nam. This place wasn't cheap, guess they have to make it up somehow for the decorations. The ambiance is nice though."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dee D.', '4', 'As far as Vietnamese food and eating establishments go, The Grand Century Mall Com Tam Thien Huong is definately one of the better places to eat the traditional "broken rice" dish of Vietnam.  It\'s clean, the food is always fresh (the pickled leeks and taro/carrots are really yummy here!) and the place is nicely decorated.  The tables are obviously higher quality stuff from China, not the cheaper stuff made from China.  ;-) The one thing that stands out about this restaurant is that one of the servers actually came up and asked us how our food was and if we need anything.  Yes, you read right.  And yes, your double-take is understandable.  I have been to Vietnamese dining establishments for over 25 years now (can\'t really remember much when I was 4 or younger... although I probably went then too) and not ONCE were we asked how the food was and if they could get us anything else.  I don\'t care if you think the food represents mediocrity compared to Vietnamese food from Garden Grove.   Okay, I\'m being a little overly dramatic.   This place is cash-only, so we\'re back to reality and Vietnamese restaurants.  Give broken rice a shot if you\'ve never tried it, and try it here because they do it really well.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tri L.', '4', 'NOTE: this review is for the first visit in July 2010. I just never finished writing this review until now. (read: lazy ass). This place is in the Grand Century Mall, to the right side if you walk in the front portion of the mall. FOOD (4 Stars): pretty good STAFF (1 Star): sucks eggs (see below) AMBIANCE (3 Stars): above average for your typical Vietnamese rice place. I like the greenery (even if it is fake), the muted colored walls, decorative ceiling fans, Buddha status, etc. Some thought went into the decor, not really fancy - just better than your average rice place. Little background: My wife and I spent a fun and exhausting day at Great America. We were not very hungry, but more thirsty and tired. We figured that we needed to eat a little something before we go home and sleep for 12 hours. She heard from a friend that this place was actually good. Mind you, I do not like rice restaurants. Okay, I do not like rice that much. I get enough at home. I usually go to the Pho or other soup type of restaurants. We ordered only one dish and some ice water - Com Tam Thit Nuong or BBQ Beef with rice. When the waiter realized we were only ordering one dish, he said that he was going to wait on the next table now. Basically, brushing us off because we did not order much.  I usually expect crappy service at Vietnamese restaurants, but that guy was rude. Overall, we like the food here and have gone back again.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Katie C.', '4', "The second opening of the BEST com tam place in San Jose. Apart from the Senter location, this is their second one in Grand Century. Boy was it packed during lunch around 1pm. Me and my mom had to wait for a 20 minutes before getting a table. It's nice inside. It has a decent amount of tables and is decorated to look like you're in a Vietnamese Restaurant. It was weird because they had a Tiki Bar as part of their decor. Anyway, it's a great place and location and everyone should eat here if you're in Century Mall. We ordered spring rolls with the redish, pinkish sausage meat, made of pork I believe. Instead of peanut sauce they give you their house sauce which is so good. Then we got our plates of com tam. Yum. You should order nothing BUT com tam here. I got grilled chicken with the fried shrimp plate $8 something I believe. My mom got BBQ pork without the bone and the egg cake which I love. All rice plates come with soup. The soup compliments the plates well. So good. I also got the red jelly coconut dessert drink. It was the best I ever had. It was a good lunch. Two plates, spring rolls and my drink cost 24 dollars. It was a deal! So good. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like here. It's the best Vietnamese Restaurant to go to for authentic food. But stick to the rice plates. The pho and noodles aren't all that great."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ashar C.', '1', 'F*** I will never come back to this Rat Hole. In the menu the price is $9.25 per order. We have 3 people after we ate they over charge us $10.50+ Tax. I called the cashier guy and talked to him and he said, that it was the way the machine was set up. Fuck I have never heard anything in America that the machine sets up the price. The price they charged was different on the menu. Hello to all the people out there whoever is going to this restaurant, be careful. Check your bill before get out of this place. I recommend Com Tam Dat Thanh & Thanh are better. PLEASE NEVER COME TO THIS PLACE...MAKE SURE EVERYONE IS NOT COMING HERE AND THEY NEED TO GO OUT OF BUSINESS TO TREAT CUSTOMERS RIGHT ! WTF']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tony T.', '4', "Nem Nuong is the best here with the rich sauce to go with it.  I don't know what the sauce is made out off but it taste soooo good with nem nuong. This restaurant is the best in the Dynasty Plaza eventhough they just recently opened.  The decor is very warm and attractive for couples."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jacqueline N.', '3', "I don't know what exactly to think of this place anymore. I've dined here a couple times. The food's not too memorable or has that makes you want to come back effect now. Not anymore, anyway. I remember that the first few times I went here, the food was pretty great! It made me want to come back. As for the more recent times, well, there's not much of anything special or good enough for me return anymore. A three star for not being bad or anything, but also not being anything above average, either. If you want to go to a slightly classier restaurant compared to the food court and most other places in Grand Century, I guess you could go here."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Yiyun Z.', '4', 'The broken rice plate provided a lot of varieties,  and price is reasonable as well. For sure will come back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Thuan N.', '2', 'Food and portion sizes okay. But they will intentionally over charge you to see if you catch it. Will not show you screen or give you itemized print out unless you ask. Beware!']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'X L.', '2', "OK newly opened rice place in the Dynasty Plaza mall, but I've had better. This place is pricey compared to others. My plate came out, but 2 min later was taken back to the kitchen because it was someone Else's (good thing I didn't eat any) - but how would you feel if you got that dish after being on someone else table - YUK!! Pros - Mall parking - plenty of seating Cons - Mediocre taste - & inconsistent shrimp cakes (mine was near undercooked, my wife's was just right, the one that was taken away was overcooked). - pricey - $7.95 for 2 item dish vs $5.95 at my favorite place on Story. - Service - see above. - Tea - cold - no pickled leeks on the table - just 2 on my plate. Return Visit - probably not"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Bella D.', '5', 'I love this place. The nem rolls are yummy.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Michelle L.', '2', 'The food is decent. The waiters and cashiers are Rude. If you ask for extra dipping sauce, the waiter will tell you that there will be an extra charge.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tram N.', '4', "This place accepts cash only so that was an inconvenience to me.. the place looks nice and appears to be orderly and clean.  The service was OK.. food took a lot longer to come out than expected but I must say, their com tam bi cha and thit nuong was delicious!  The thit nuong was cooked just right, so savory, and melted in my mouth!  I liked it a lot.  What I did not care for was the broth (soup) that comes w/ it..  Overall.. I'd go again."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Thuy T.', '2', "I have to disagree with a lot of other yelpers out there.  This place is only okay for me.   WARNING: If you have children, do not go here.  They're not children friendly.  I observed the head waitress constantly watching out for the kids.  She wouldn't let kids play with the chopsticks at the table or touch anything in the restaurant.  She pretty much complained with the other waiters about a party coming in with children outnumber the adult.  something like five kids and only three adults.  She was like the kid police.  This woman also like to yell across the room to the other waiters, which can be annoying when I was right next to her.  There's only so much yelling I can take.   Service wise: horrible.  I don't expect great service at asian restaurants, but I expect acceptable service.  Our food came way after other people who were seated after us.  I actually had to reminded them.  Plus there were no eating utensils on the table.  When I asked for a togo box at the paying counter, the girl ignored me and went to do something else.  I had to ask for it a second time.   Food wise, nothing really special.  The portion is good size for me, but it was small for my husband.  In general, the portion is smaller than other rice plate place.  The soup tasted a little off as well.  Maybe too much msg.  I prefer the food at Dat Thanh on Tully road better although it doesn't have any nice decor and have tight parking lot.    The only thing I would give high rating is the decor.  The place is nicely decorated."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Berns D.', '3', 'Good rice plates. A bit pricey. No free wi-fi.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tony Z.', '5', 'The Ox Tail noodle (#4 on their menu) was great. It is a different type of noodle from the pho. Fatter and thicker kind. The soup base was great and it had a lot of xo tails. It was some of the best Vietnamese noodles I ever had.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Lisa C.', '5', 'oi choi oi an o day ngon QUA di thoi! (oh my goodness, my dinner was SUPER delicious)']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jessica T.', '4', 'Growing up eating Vietnamese cuisine since i was a kid, I love Vietnamese food. Inside decor is very nice with many selections from the menu. From experience, service was very good and so was the food. I ordered the bun thit nuong fried eggroll.  My dad ordered the special com tam with the shrimp thingy and sugar cane inside. Prices were decent. No complaints about the food too either. It can get crowded on certain days though.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hong T.', '2', "lets say the service i got here was HORRIBLE!!!...as to why they're horrible... heres the break down.they took forever to come take our order and when they finally did, they forgot some items.  my momma then told one of the waiters that we were still missing two drinks. (we were all more than half way done eating) shortly after a female waiter came out with two of each and instead of apologizing for they're mistake and long wait she just about threw the drinks to us and rolled her eyes right in front of us when she was told she made a mistake! of course we didn't leave without letting the owner know about the disrespect.  ( fyi we didn't make a scene, my mom just went up to pay and told the owner that she felt disrespected by one of their employees.)  but with service put aside, the food here is pretty good!  their nem nuong rolls here are probably the best i've had up north and their rice plates are really fulfilling and delish.  I'd probably have given this spot a 4 star rating if the service i experience weren't so bad.  so next time, i'll think about ordering to go."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Emmie L.', '4', "The Com Tam Suon Bo Dai Han dish is excellent here! Juicy, tender, a party in your mouth in terms of flavoring - all the essentials and a perfect twist on the traditional Korean BBQ. Combined with a separate side order of Trung Opla, it truly hits the spot and is perfect for lunch/dinner. For breakfast, my stomach couldn't take it all so early on in the morning, but whatever floats your boat.  A word of caution though, it does get extremely packed during the lunch/dinner hours, particularly during the weekends, so they adopted a sign-in sheet/wait list. I believe the longest we've ever had to wait was around 15 minutes, but it's worth it. I think the workers are fine and do their job as best they can with the amount of people they have to wait on. It's like they're training for an event, the way they can speed walk like that.."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Nhut-Lan L.', '1', "The first time I came here a couple years back, it was packed and there was a line and sign in sheet, which was a good sign. I remember the service being good and the food being great. However, as I came back the more recent years... The service and food got increasingly bad. This particular male waiter seemed like he was annoyed and didn't want to work, and pushed us to order, even though there were barely any people in the restaurant. We didn't have any time to really look over the full menu and just picked whatever we looked at that seemed good. Once we actually got the food, it was cold. They probably gave us leftovers they couldn't sell the past few days. Food didn't taste disgusting, but it wasn't great. The portions were more than enough, but I did not like the service or how the food was cold. In short, I will most likely not be coming here again with my family."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tee E.', '2', "I don't suggest coming here unless you can speak Vietnamese or have someone speaking Vietnamese with you. One time, I came to just pick up a to-go order. The employees there ONLY spoke Vietnamese and didn't even attempt to say they don't speak Vietnamese. Instead, I just get pointed at for speaking only English. Sheesh, I have minimal Vietnamese knowledge (like I would have  understood if they told me in vietnamese that they don't speak English). I only managed to get the food because a friend came along and spoke Vietnamese. The food does not appeal to me all that much. I notice their tofu wrap on their shrimp cakes aren't cut - it's just one big glob that you have to mostly chew througgh unless you have a knife to cut it. I have no intentions of choosing to eat here out of my own will. Maybe if some friend insists, fine."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Huong C.', '5', "I always get their sandwiches, cause I think they're the best in town. They're a large size and are priced at a really low price. Try their #3 combination sandwich."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ken Y.', '5', 'One of the best rice plate around the bay area. Cost a little bit more, but worth it if you want quality Vietnamese rice plates (maybe a $1 more). The place is clean and staff is friendly.  Get there early or you might have to wait.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Hayden N.', '3', "I come here quite often but there are times when I'm not served. I would sit there for almost 10 minutes and no one comes over to show me the menu so I'd have to get up and get it myself. Then I have to find an available waiter to take my order. Such great service huh? The food is great but their service isn't the greatest. I only come back often because of the food and how close it is to home."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Susan H.', '3', "I really like the rice place here. I love the pork chop, fried shrimps cake, and the egg cake. I gave it three stars because I ordered it to go, two orders and the for one of the orders they only gave me one pork chop instead of two. I didn't check until I got home. I've dine-in before and it was very good. Would have given it 4 stars if they didn't ripped me off on my to go orders."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Cathy Y.', '4', 'Nem Nuong rolls are really good here.  Usually get that and the grilled pork combo rice dish.  Best to eat at the restaurant where the meat still has a good grill taste.  Still good to go, but lacks the charred texture.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'N B.', '2', 'Every time I passed here there was a long line of people waiting, so I had to try it.  After a 30 minutes wait, we were seated and it was near closing time.  We ordered com tam and dry mi/hu tieu.  They ran out of nem nuong.  The food taste typical and not a place I would return much less wait 30 minutes for.  So, I am not sure why the following?  Mi at Thao Tien or now called Rong Bien is much better.  Com Tam Thanh or Dat Thanh are same or somewhat better.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Michael L.', '5', 'DEFINITELY MY FAVORITE COM TAM RESTURANT! Located in Grand Century Mall, ive always ordered to go since its always crowded and packed! but forsure this place is one of the top popular vietnamese rice plates around. i always get the bbq pork w/ shrimp on sugar cane. there used to be another fave resturant in the food court, but since this place opened it probably lost business. give this place a shot. order to go is highly recommended']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jackie L.', '5', 'I come here often with my family and i have to say, its really good. The com tam and bun is delicious. Every time when we come here, we just had to wait for 10 minutes but it was worth waiting though ;D']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Chiwawa C.', '1', 'Worse customer service ever. I called for a waiter and the guy said hold on but never come back. My foods were brought up 20 mins after ordering.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Anna T.', '3', "The food portions are smaller than a lot of the other Com Tam places.  I always get pork chops when I eat Com Tam because I can't eat shrimp and I just love pork chops.  Unfortunately the porkchops here are pretty dry and the portion is small.  Their spring rolls are not very good... kind of stale taste as though it's been premade and sitting around for a while before being brought out."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Treeny N.', '3', 'My boyfriend and I came here the other day. We were crazy hungry and waited 30 minutes for our food... We were really gonna leave but when we were about to, our food came out. More cooks? But besides the wait, their rice plates are THE BEST !']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Mimi T.', '1', 'I came this place few times but this time I felt very angry. I order three Bun Thit Nuong with price $27 include tax 29.36, but the lady who is cashier and even she is owner or manager, she charged me $39.36. I paid in cash on Sunday March 2 2014. I write this review in order to let everyone know that whenever you come that place please get carefully with that lady who took my money ($10). Before you pay your service, you should get bill or receipt If not your money will steal. I think this place is very terrible in my life. Never come back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany P.', '1', "Terrible Terrible Terrible Terrible service of my life and the food can't even make up for it! For having such a nice decor for a Vietnamese restaurant I expected much more. It didn't help that my family was seated in the back area, but still if you run a restaurant you better make sure your waiters know how to take care of their tables.  My family wasn't ready to make our order yet so we asked for a minute but instead of the waiter going to check on another table he just hella waited there until we said something/anything. I thought that was very rude. The grilled pork was dry, but the broken rice was good. We were done eating but couldn't finish our meals so we wanted to ask for a to go box but our waiter was never to be seen again and so we were waiting at our table for ages for boxes and the check until someone at our table decided to go up front and get it all done. Then at the register, they didn't even have our bill ready because they did not put all the orders together on one slip of paper so one order was lost. My mom had gotten a Vietnamese jelly drink to go but as we were leaving realized they had given her a cup to go with a straw but no spoon to eat the jelly with! Overall, a horrible experience to last a lifetime.  I will never come back to this place again. I probably should have expected that the service would be bad since some Vietnamese restaurants might be inattentive, but honestly I've been to plenty Vietnamese restaurants and these other places got their businesses under control. This place is by far the worst. It's like this restaurant was transported all the way from Vietnam and placed in San Jose or something."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'John Y.', '5', "Hi! It's Chel Here! Im Going To Write A Review About This Vietnamese Cuisine Restaurant. This Restaruant is the best of the Vietnamese Restarunt I Ever Had! It has the best chicken,pork, and even shrimp! There are lots of tables to sit at and you can have some privacy too. My Family has been eating at different kinds of Pho Restaraunts forever and thier Pho is awsome! Im thinking it has to be homemade....... and maybe thier noodle are too! Oh Gosh...... Now Im Hungry. (-_-) They have lots of cool furnishings inside that are pretty cool like a tiki bar, budas, screens to cover up the tables for food privacy.....  Pretty Much Is That You REALLY Need to go their. Bye! For Now!"]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Ngoc L.', '3', "I was recommended by my hair stylist to come here to try their rice dish because his friend was the owner. The decor and settings of the place was really nice and the food turned out good too. I tried the chicken rice plate there.. The chicken was pretty flavorful just like Dat thanh... But I think Dat thanh has a edge over this on the flavor. I also tried a piece of their BBQ pork... Which I did not like at all because it was too dry. The ribs here are pretty good if u want something flavorful...but my sister said it became sickening at the end because it was too flavorful. The soup that comes with the rice plate here is decent but it just taste like it's filled with msg. Overall, this is a decent place to eat if u are in the mood for rice plates and is in the area. It's comparable to com tam Dat thanh... But just with a nicer environment. There was no wait the 2x that I've visited but I heard they may be busy at times and there is a waitlist."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Dawn N.', '4', 'coming home for tet, i needed my com tam! my little sister LOVES this place so my mom and i decided to listen to her taste and go ON TET. grand century was PACKED and the WAIT LIST was super long. but we walked around once, came back, and it was just time! my bf who is taiwanese was having comtam for the first time! we all got number 10 and my mom got number 47. Hers included: korean bbq, thinly shredded pork skin, fried shrimp wrapped with bean curd skin, and grilled shrimp paste on sugar cane sticks. all for 10.75! the number 10 included only the korean bbq and fried shrimp bean curd for 7.75. Comes with a good helping of rice and lettuce/cucumbers.  the soup was pretty goooooooooooooood for just a complementary soup! we also got the spring rolls. two fat rolls for 3.50. it was average in my opinion since i love homemade spring rolls ahha but the dipping sauce is pretty bomb. this place woulda gotten a 5 but the service was HORRIBLE. sure the food came out fast. but we asked for water 3 times. what if i choked from eating the yummy food so  fast?!?']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'linh d.', '4', 'Great broken rice plates at very reasonable prices. Typical Vietnamese ambiance. Well known place for their delicious rice plates. Service is quick & friendly.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Victoria T.', '4', '#14, #6 and their goi cuon nem nuong is really good. Friendly service, cute decor, good selection of variety of other dishes and reasonable prices from $7.75 a plate. Satisfied and coming back for sure.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Joe M.', '4', 'Very good com tam dishes. Nice restaurant interior. Good service.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Rob C.', '5', "great nem nuong cuon, esp. for up here (vs. garden grove).  meaty dipping sauce, crispies inside, so it's brodard style and good (though not quite as good as the gold standard).  4 = $7  nonetheless, the food here is tasty.  got the special combo Com Tam Bi Thit Ga Nuong Tau Hu Ky Cha Chao Tom.  the char grilled pork thit nuong was excellent (bunched on a skewer style then skewer removed).  i like to mix the items and dip in the fish sauce -- solid broken rice offerings."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jane T.', '3', 'Food: BBQ Chicken or BBQ Pork Chop, Fried Shrimp Cake, and broken rice plate for $8.95.  Also comes with small bowl of broth, slices of cucumber, pickled radish/carrots and lettuce. The rice plate portion was good and flavorful but the meat was a bit dry because the pieces of meat were on the thin side. Someone who is a big meat eater may prefer a larger portion.  Shrimp cake was a bit oily but had the crunchy bean curd skin and crunchy meat texture.  The broken rice were really tiny but well made. Ice Coffee:  Was expecting a slow drip device.  Instead the drink is premade but not from a can.  Is very strong.   Service: Acceptable.  They take your order, deliver your food and drinks promptly.  Mostly Vietnamese wait staff but as long as you point correctly to the menu, you should be fine. Atmosphere: Very clean and comfortable seating with a mixture of booths and tables.  Nice asian decor and lighting. Parking/Location:  Extremely busy Grand Century plaza.  Parking is free.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'J L.', '4', '3-1/2 star rating.  Thanks again Yelpers! My wife was in the mood for Vietnamese food, and since we were heading towards Happy Hallow Park, I did a "nearby" search from the iPhone app.  I saw the 4 star rating for this place and headed over.  It is located in a Vietnamese-oriented shopping mall on the corner of Story Road and McLaughlin Ave. We were completely unaware that this existed. We put our name on a waiting list (first time ever that we\'ve had to do this at a Vietnamese restaurant, except for places like Crustaceans in SF), and walked around the mall for about 20 minutes until we were seated about 25 mins later.  We ordered #7 and #42. The pork for both of our meals was perfectly marinated and cooked! Unfortunately, it was quite greasy, but very delectable. The fried shrimp wrapped with bean curd skin and the grilled shrimp paste on sugar cane sticks tasted good. The shrimp consistency both kind of tasted the same if you took the shrimp paste off the sugar cane.  I\'ve never had a penchant for the shredded pork at any Vietnamese restaurant, so I can\'t fairly rate it for this restaurant.  As others have stated, the pricing is more than other comparable restaurants, but the ambiance was about two notches above other Pho places, which I assume they are justifying their higher pricing.  I would highly recommend the BBQ pork, and plan to eat at this restaurant again.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Tony P.', '4', "The place is a hit or miss. Most of the time, the meat is cooked well. But there are time it's like microwaved. Can be long wait, especially on weekend."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Plato W.', '4', 'Good food.  Mostly rice dishes.  Would definitely go back.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Vincent D.', '3', "a)  Always crowded due to the hype.  Came 4 times but only made in one time because it was not lunch or dinner hours. b)  Over priced foods.  About $1 to $1.50 more than other places. c)  Waitress was timely.  Foods came out at the right time, not too slow. d)  Too much rice with little meat.  The pork chop is very thin and also about 1/2 or 2/3 of the pork chop at Com Tam Thanh or Dat Thanh. e)  Tau Hu Ky wasn't well fried.  It was still kinda pale and white. f)  Nice decoration but the table wasn't well cleaned (kinda expected from any Vietnamese restaurant anyway) Overall, I wanted to give it a 2-star, but gave it a 3-star instead because we had a good time there eating and talking.  But there's nothing here to get me coming back."]
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Eric L.', '3', 'Decent rice plate and clean atmosphere for asian restaurant but I would say overall bad service and expensive in comparison to other rice plates.  I still think Dat Thanh takes the crown.']
['com-tam-thien-huong-san-jose-2', 'Jacob A.', '1', "My family have been wanting to try this new restaurant in the Dynasty Plaza for awhile.  We noticed the grand opening sign is still up even though it's been here for a few months.  The ambiance was good i.e. clean so that was a good start.  I ordered number 24 and when my dish came I was really disappointed.  My pork chop was really small I regret not taking a picture to show how small it was.  My mom's dish took a long time to arrive and the soup was sweet rather than savory.  Also, the pickled leeks were put on your plate rather than self service, so they were stingy with that as well."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Arille J.', '4', "Coming to Dalat has always been a family favorite! While waiting for our tables, my grandma always tells me how my grandpa used to take her there during her work breaks (she worked nearby at SJSU). It's hands-down her favorite place in San Jose to eat, and I'm glad I'll always have a place to remember her by. My go-to at Dalat (as well as for my whole family) is *always* the glass noodles with sauce. Frankly I probably love it because of the nostalgia factor, but for what it's worth it comes with seafood and a pretty tasty sauce that you can just keep requesting more and more from if you desire! I'd suggest dumping the whole bowl of sauce into the noodles at first, mix, then ask for more if you'd like later (to taste). The glass noodles are similar to the kind you'd find in korean japchae glass noodles, and on the side they also give you a hot bowl of soup!  All-in-all, I'm pretty damn sure that I'll keep coming back to Dalat. The servers there always welcome my family with open arms, and you can tell that many of the folks eating there are regulars -- both always good signs of a place worthy of trying at least once!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hoai C.', '3', 'This used to be my favorite place to go for hu tieu.  Sadly, the quality of the food has gone down over the year.   Service is typical of any casual Vietnamese restaurant - if you want something you either have to go get it yourself or grab a waiter. Our  last visit was a disappointment and we are no longer motivated to come back. Hu tieu:  Not as good as it used to be.  There is barely any topping.          I am used to more fried onion, chive, cilantro.                        Combination porridge: bland']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer T.', '3', "Got some take out for lunch.  I got two orders of their fried chicken with tomato rice.  I never had it, but my friend loves it so I decided to also order of it myself.  Sounds simple enough that it can't be bad.   Fried chicken was pretty good.  I would say extraordinary, just good. I really like the tomato rice though.  It had like a hint of seafood/crab? taste.  In addition to the whole chicken and tomato rice the dish also came with pickled veggies and fish sauce.  Over all it's a good dish for the price. Very filling, can easily be two meals.   Would give four stars, but took down one star for the wait time.  For my to-go order, it took about 40 minutes from when I ordered to when I received my order.  On the plus side it was definitely fried to order, but I don't think it was worth the 40 minute wait.   Would come back to try other dishes."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christy V.', '4', 'Omg.. so good.. the chewy clear glass noodle is the bomb. You can Eat it dry or with soup .. either way they are both good. Not much to say but must eat! Service is fast too.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ee Vonn Y.', '5', 'Back again. The Fried Pompano was hot, fresh, and crispy. The salad was pickled.  Shrimp salad - Light, slightly sweet, and fluffy. The chips were a great addition.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'teena y.', '3', "Heard this place was good, but it was just ok. My friend had the special which is what the restaurant is known for.. but she wasn't impressed. =/ The chow fun and chow mein were decent. The Vietnamese dessert was delicious! :D"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vicki A.', '4', "I've only had one dish here because it is so good I can't order anything else! The Hu Tieu soup is my go to dish when I have a cold and I add all the jalapenos and hot sauce.  I get it to go and they put the noodles and veggies in a separate container so nothing gets soggy. The broth is super tasty and the noodles are the perfect consistency.  The people who work there are super helpful and nice, we called to place our order just as they were closing and they still filled it for us.  AFter reading the reviews it looks like I'll have to check out the fried chicken there sometime."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '4', "I used to pass this place forever ago but when a friend asked us to eat here I was surprised why I haven't tried the food. This is one of the 1st few Vietnamese restaurants in the city. I had the Hu Tieu Da Lat dry with extra sauce on side to see as I ate. The dish was flavorful and yummy.  A new stop i need to make on a visit into the city.  Only downfall is parking is not easy to find or get as the neighboring streets have 30-1hr parking or permit parking if you are further out."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khue M.', '2', "It was hella cold today and I was about to go to pho Saigon noodle house, but they haven't opened yet. Saw the high rating here at Da lat, and that they have pho so I decided to try them out. The place look hella Vietnamese and all, so they must make good Vietnamese food then.  Well I don't know about their other dish, but  the pho here might be the worst one that I ever had. The first thing that got my attention was their plain look veggies plate for the pho, and there was no small plate for the hoising and siracha for the pho. I ordered a small bow of tai nam pho, it came out a small, plain ass looking bow of pho. When I got into it, I noticed that the noodle was falling apart. I am guessing they probably used the last noodle at the bottom of the bag or something, but it's sure is annoying to eat noodle that fall apart to smaller pieces. The worst part was the broth, it was just plain, and tasted like water mixed with flavor. It's just lack the sweetness that one would get from brewing the shank and meat for hours. Surprisingly their hot green however was very flavorful and tasty. Everything else on the menu look relatively expensive, like 12-15 buc for the typical Vietnamese food that you have at home. Glad that I didn't ordered a large bow, because it's sure would be annoying to try to finish that. Overall, I don't think I will bother coming back to try their other dishes."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steven H.', '3', 'Use to come here often when I was still living in San Jose. Now, food quality was just decent has definitely gone down. They are known for their Hu Tieu (dry) with huge prawns and a crab claw. It also comes with a side of their special sauce that kinda taste like hoisin/soy sauce mix. Place is located in downtown SJ right next to SJSU so parking is limited.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rosie T.', '5', 'Probably one of the best Pho in SJ. My first time eating here. The broth was super flavorful.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristi H.', '5', "At first glance, this pho spot might seem on the pricier side with its $12 pho. But it is soooo worth it! The #48 is my go to item, as has a jumbo shrimp and piece of crab, which you don't typically find in pho. The regular size bowl is sufficiently filling for the average meal, but a large size is available.  Parking is extremely challenging though, as you either have to risk scratching your car on nearby poles or other cars, or you have to find street parking around SJSU, which also makes things difficult. But if you're able to find parking, it's worth the difficulty. Highly recommended for pho!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex K.', '4', 'Seafood Pho with rice noodles. Smooth clear broth hits the spot. Fresh veggies, great taste, fresh meat. I ate every bite and almost drank all the soup. I would prefer a bit more noodles, so I might get extra next time. But this is on point Pho right here. I want to try their other items and I will definitely be back for more.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Paul N.', '4', 'The food is good and price are cheap. But the restroom is not too clean. The restaurant floor are very sticky and dirty.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joanne C.', '2', "Honestly, they could have had a solid three stars but their service suuuckkks. I've never been to a Vietnamese restaurant that works as slow as they do.  I've been here a handful of times because the location is convenient but every time, the wait for my food takes 20+ minutes. From what I saw, they seem to prioritize to go orders rather than focusing on those who are dining in.  Might I add that on one occasion, they gave someone's order to the wrong table. The person had already stuck their chopsticks into the bowl and everything, then the employee comes and takes away the bowl and gives it to the correct customer. Gross! The food here is not bad, it's not the greatest but it does the job. The food is not worth the wait. If you're starving, I suggest going else where."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Damian W.', '4', 'Food: 3.5/5.0 Service: 2.5/5.0 Value: 3.5/5.0 Decor: 2.0/5.0 Overall: 3.5/5.0 Decent Vietnamese option in SJ in a quiet neighborhood.  Nothing to write home about.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie M.', '4', 'Like a hole in the wall Vietnamese place. Service is iffy depending who\'s working, but once the staff know you, they treat you well. Not much to look at in terms of decor, but they do have two TVs & they have free wifi! What Vietnamese restaurant has free wifi?! Def bonus points, haha!  Food is pretty solid here! My go to items are the hu tieu & it\'s many variants. They have the rice noodle & the clear noodle as well as big or small shrimp. Whichever hu tieu you choose, it\'ll be good. Be sure to get the noodles "dry" aka soup on the side. It\'s better that way, trust me.  Parking kinda sucks as there\'s 3-5 spots & then the rest is street parking. Get there before the rush times & you should be okay.  Do yourself a favor & enjoy a meal at Dalat!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Samantha T.', '1', 'Had the beef pho! Tasted like water . Very little meat and cut super thick. I will not be returning. Do not order Pho here. Less than 1 star.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Minh H.', '4', "Little well known hole in the wall in San Jose for their Hu tieu dai da lat dac biet which is exactly what I get every time. It's $12.50 for the bowl, a bit pricey but you get a small crab claw and two good size jumbo prawns. At least they meant it when they said jumbo size prawn. Broth is good so I'm satisfied."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim T.', '5', "If you are into dry seafood noodle, then this is the place for you. I loves their hu Tieu dai kho, so good!! Over the years if I am ever craving for the dry seafood noodle, this is my place to go. Price have increased over years due to their two big shrimps, a crab claw include in the bowl. The sauce is flavorful and well balanced with the noodle!  This is a Vietnamese owned so don't expected great services. Just come in there get a table and order. The foods usually come out fast depend how busy they are. They are very busy on weekend lunch. Other dishes in there is just average, only the dry seafood is the stand out which also their specialty!  They offer free scoop of ice cream for the kids. Parking can be suck especially on the weekend lunch. Overall, I gave this five stars for their flavorful dry seafood noodle bowl. Very good!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alan P.', '5', "Delicious. Have to have the Hu Tieu Da Lat. Been eating that ever since I was 5 and it's the only thing I've ever had on the menu. Its serious guys. Serious. Delicious, I tell you."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nina M.', '3', "This used to be my go-to spot for Vietnamese food while I lived in the neighborhood. However, over the course of the year I feel as if the quality of the food & service went downhill. For one, they stopped offering fresh basil with pho or other noodle soup dishes. Now I have to ask them to bring it out. Last visit,  my dad's order was completely forgotten and the rest of us were 1/2 done with our meals by the time he reminded them.  Given the inconsistent quality, I think the prices are a little high for what you are getting. I will be looking for a new pho go-to."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffany K.', '5', "My husband took me here as he used to come often to eat. I am a huge noodle fan in general. Although they are known for their dry noodle I ordered the beef sautee noodle, why my husband ordered the seafood noodle. Both were great and flavorful. The seafood noodle soup bowl was pretty big, and broth was not salty at all and there was a good amount of noodles. My beef saute was very thick with the sauce, not soupy at all which I wasn't too much of a fan of but the flavors made up for it. I would def come back next time and try the dry noodle. Service was quick and easy. I noticed a lot of people do come in so depending on the time, it gets crowded. Parking is also hard too depending on the time of day. I noticed every liked to order the fried Chinese donuts, so I am probably going to order that next time. All in all not bad , family owned restaurant I believe and would come back again."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Meghan J.', '4', "Wowow! I am so glad I was introduced to this place! Everyone has already given their two thumbs up for the hu tieu, but hasn't given enough credit to the braised duck with wontons and egg noodles.  Came in on a Sunday evening, no waiting to be seated. But there was a big group of people seated before us, so that might have played a role in the time it took for us to get our food. I ordered the braised duck with wontons and egg noodles and boy, was it tasty. The broth was rich and flavorful. The noodles were perfectly cooked, the duck was pretty good, and the wontons were solid. The soup even had mushrooms in there, so that was a plus.  I also tried some of the Hu Tieu Da Lat which came with a jumbo shrimp, crab claw, and meat. The broth was clear but so flavorful. The meat was nice and soft.  Overall, great food. Parking might be hard and you can only pay in cash, but you gotta try this spot for some brothy goodness"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mandy S.', '1', 'We were there because they open early 8:00 before going to the airport if not , Vungtau is my favorite restaurant,  best Hu tieu kho  This is ghetto dirty place with below average rice dish and hu tieu. Slow service and overcharged $$$$. They know we are tourists, but I am used to live in California. Lolololol Never come back there. Plenty of better and cleaner restaurants around like Thienlong, Cong ly just a block from there, Com tam Thanh,....']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trung H.', '3', "3.5 stars Ate here often with family. - Parking: very challenge since it has only several parking spots. - Staffs: mostly OK. - Cashiers (Owners): OK. - Food: variety, but love its signature dish 'HU TIEU DAI DA LAT DAC BIET' which was so good with jumbo shrimp :). It is our favorite dish over all! - Price: a little pricey, but it worth it. - will come back when we get a chance."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jocey H.', '4', "Every time my family visit Sj, this is our go to spot. You can't go wrong with hu tieu dry or wet noodle.  Whenever I am feeling a rice plate, I go with #69 (Porkchop). Served with side salad and soup.  My friend and I got two bowls and spend about $25 total.  Parking SUCKS.  This is a vietnamese business to don't expect great customer service. Come in, eat, and leave."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Danae L.', '4', "Be patient and know your order if you don't speak English and dine in big groups. Most of my group ordered a variation of soup such as clear noodle or rice noodle. It was pretty confusing because they just put the entree down and blurt out a number.  For instance, I ordered rice noodle and assumed I received the right bowl given that the meat covered noodles. The waiter even confirmed that my entree matches the number I ordered. However I started pulling the noodles to surface, I noticed this entree was clear noodle and had to reorganize the entrees with my party.  Flavorful, portions were alright but a typical college male coming for a post workout meal will need something more than their soup."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle N.', '4', 'Good hu tieu (rice noodles) in downtown San Jose. Parking can be difficult in their teeny tiny lot. I got Hu Tieu Dalat Dac Biet, I believe #48 on the menu. For these types of noodle dishes, I like to order the soup on the side as it lets me appreciate the sauce more. You can ask for extra sauce on the side, which my family always does. The sauce here is delicious as well as the soup. Makes for a comforting dish on those cooler days. Besides noodles, they sell a lot of other things too like rice dishes, hot pot, and even vegetarian dishes.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tu B.', '5', 'Best seafood hu tieu in sj. Huge shrimp. Cant beat bogo beer for 1 penny. All day. Every day!  Takes cards too. Parkn is a lil hard']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nicholas H.', '5', "The BEST Vietnamese food that NorCal has to offer. The seafood noodle soup with clear noodles is life changing. I'm spoiled after eating here, every other Vietnamese restaurant cannot compete! It's pricey, around $12 compared to an average bowl ($9), but it's worth the extra dollars. The service here is also friendly, the employees are authentic and genuine people."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jasmine H.', '5', "Best hutieu in San Jose. Hands down. I'm a big fan of this place.  The only thing I can find fault with them is that they are always pretty crowded (sign of a place with freaking good food), and that they don't offer thick egg noodles (hutieu, glass noodles, and normal egg noodles are delicious options, so no real complains here).  Both dry and soup noodles taste great. Soup noodles are perfect on rainy or cold days, while dry noodles make for a perfect hearty lunch.  I always get the 46, 47, or 48.  They offer the same perfect combination of meat and seafood, only thing that is different among the 3 are the type of noodles, and the amount of food. Did I mention that their beer are buy one get one free - that works out to about $2/ bottle.  Where else are you gonna find that? Writing this review makes me crave for a big bowl of hutieu from Dalat right about now."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'T L.', '4', "My go-to spot for dry hu tieu noodles. The dark brown sauce is really what makes this dish so good and I love the sauce they have here. I get the hu tieu (rice white noodles), kho (dry), dac biet (special; all the toppings). The sauce and broth comes on the side and you can season your bowl of noodles with condiments and more toppings. I add a ton of lemon and spice into mine. Minus 1 star for prices. It's pretty expensive especially since I can't tell the difference between a regular and a large size."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Heo Quay N.', '3', "Abstract: come for the food not the drinks. I came here today to get some food to bring back to school to eat. I got a soy milk and #46 Hu Tieu Da Lat Dac Biet.  First off, the soy milk is not fresh. There's tofu shop less than a mile away that sell fresh soy milk for super cheap and yet they serve you canned soy milk. Yuck.  Now on to the food. The dish was well presented and smelled great even as a to-go item. #46 consisted of clear chewy noodles, ground pork, sliced pork, sliced chicken, sliced fried pork paste (cha lua), one crab claw, two large prawns, chives, onions, and cilantro. The noodles were nicely cooked and coated in just a smidge of oil to keep the noodles from sticking. There was a tub a brown sauce that came with the dish. Tasted kinda like thinned out hoisin sauce but it went well with the dish. I poured the sauce on and mixed everything to make sure the sauce covered everything. The dish also came with soup on the side. This tasted better than the main dish.   It tasted good but not much wow factor. The flavors somehow didn't mesh together very well. Maybe it's not enough msg for me. It got the job done by filling up my belly but for $16.39 I wouldn't come here again."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Corinna T.', '4', "4.5 stars. My favorite Vietnamese restaurant I've been to so far because of #47- my first experience with dry pho. This place is legit and authentic. My bf who can verify was pleasantly surprised since it was me who picked this place. Food:  #47 (hu tieu: rice noodle soup with jumbo shrimp, crab leg, and meat) can be ordered with soup as well, but I got mine dry and to the side. It was love at first bite for $9.95. The sauce and soup were so flavorful. #72 (Bbq pork chop, shredded pork, egg cake and shrimp tofu cake,$15.95) Bf's order and he liked it. Vietnamese coffee- loved it. Tasty and they served it in large glasses.  Overall,  pricier than the usual Vietnamese restaurant, but so worth it. Parking here is hard. The parking lot in the front was filled up and street parking was permit only (for most).  I'd come back and would reorder everything just mentioned!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steven T.', '5', "Yea everyone is about right with their reviews, Vietnamese food is on point! I had the Mi Kho, Dry Noodle with soup and sauce on the side. Prawns were huge and hefty on the meat. Sauce and noodles were delicious! Wife had vermicelli and that tasted fresh as well! Can't complain, lucky we found parking because there's not a lot of parking there.  GOOD VIETNAMESE NOODLES!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Derek S.', '3', 'Came by the other day for breakfast and it was decent. Dalat is now under new ownership for the last couple of years and they had a Conditional Pass during their last health inspection, September 2016. Ordered the house special #46 w/ clear noodles and soup on the outside. The quality of ingredients were decent, especially the huge prawn along with the crab claw. The noodles and the toppings of crispy garlic is not as good as before... :/ The Iced Coffee is now surprisingly decent, better than with the previous owners.  The interior is a tad cleaner and more modern.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Erica C.', '4', "#46 dry noodle - Dalat's specialty. Dry clear noodles w/pork, crab claw, and two huge prawns. This is a typical Vietnamese restaurant, spacious, clean, nothing fancy, but quick service.  Vietnamese beer special everyday, bogo. They have an extensive menu, the food is fresh and very good."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sunny K.', '4', "Solid Vietnamese restaurant. I normally get the #46 but got the #48, both good but I like the noodles from #48 better. A bit pricey compared to other places but it's worth it since you get 2 jumbo shrimps, crab, and a lot of meat. I love love love their sauce!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Zhijie L.', '1', "I don't know whether they hire insiders to put some positive reviews, but I feel this restaurant utterly overrated and overpriced for vietnamese food, I could have gone to a Chinese restaurant for the same price range instead, this restaurant is pretty small, and serving is ridiculously slow even though it's not busy when I am dining there, the chopsticks smell bad and untidily placed in old and dirty metal container, overall the whole place seem very disorganized, dirty and facilities are old, servers are not very hospitable and they don't greet and provide any good service, the food seem completely unauthentic and overnight frozen, and noodles and meat are miscellaneously mix in an disorganized way, the vegetables and meat don't seem fresh at all"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'William B.', '5', 'Some of the best Vietnamese food in the area. Seafood is their specialty. Great friendly staff.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Deuce V.', '5', "A definite gem. This place has remained the same since I was a toddler. Flavors are on point. We'd come here after church and have us a hot bowl of Hu Tieu.... ughhhh I'm literally craving it now.  Authentic Vietnamese cuisine. A must when you're in San Jose."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jacob D.', '5', "This place has been around forever. Been going here since I was a kid. I come here specifically for dish #45-48 which is the same dish but varies in size Small or Large and Clear or Rice noodle. I'm not a fan of Clear noodle and that's just my preference, I have friends that love clear noodle. Anyways... I have been trying to find another restaurant that can top this dish (Hu Tieu)  still haven't found anyone that can beat it. Even checked in SoCal Westminster Little Saigon area with no luck. I have friends who moved form NorCal to SoCal and they haven't found a good replacement.  Oh btw I recommend getting this dish dry (soup on side) It's the sauce that makes this dish. Now I'm craving it again. =("]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dan P.', '5', "Been coming here since I was a kid although I live in Denver.  Nostalgic.  And the food is pretty dang good!  Got my usual and the wifee got the pho to split with the little one.  Both bowls were demolished.  Can't wait for our return SJ so we can hit Dalat again."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kathy T.', '5', 'Whenever people think of Vietnamese food they always think pho, well I\'m 100% Vietnamese and I think pho is "eh". Reason being, there\'s sooooo many other Vietnamese noodles out there that are DELICIOUS! Hu tieu da lat is one of my favorites!!!! My family has been coming here since I was a baby and it\'s never ever changed.  I order a small hu tieu da lat and I like it DRY, it comes with a brown sauce (A thicker soy sauce, I always ask for extra sauce) that you pour over your noodles, it also comes with a small bowl of broth on the side. Each bowl comes with 1 JUMBO SHRIMP & 1 CRAB CLAW, they\'re huge. I like putting my shrimp and crab claw in the hot broth to keep it warm until I\'m ready to gobble it up! You guys it\'s amazing. You eat your noodles and sip the broth and life is just GREAT! It\'s an authentic Vietnamese restaurant, so don\'t expect good service. You come, you order, you eat. Vietnamese people don\'t provide great customer service, they let their food speak for them.  *Parking: pain in the behind, not a lot of options because it\'s in downtown San Jose.  *Cash only: a lot of Vietnamese places are cash only.  *Free ice cream: for kids :) if you whip out your adorable Vietnamese they\'ll give it to you too! Worked for me! Lol']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle C.', '5', "I have to be more diligent about reviews. I was wondering what to get for breakfast at 8:30 on a Sunday. I don't like traditional American breakfast, so I was thinking dim sum.  I had coffee at B2 and this place is about 5 minutes away. I love pho and can always eat any kind of Asian food.  This place was open, 4 stars, why not? I ordered #48 as a dry bowl. It had slices of chicken, pork, tofu, two large shrimp and a crab arm with rice noodles. It came with broth and special sauce on the side. The special sauce was tasty. I added all of it to my noodles along with some broth to make it a little soupy. $13 total for the soup. I ate 2/3 and took 1/3 home but it wasn't the same. I'm looking forward to coming back!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sarina J.', '4', "I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place! I've been coming to Dalat since I was a kid, and my parents since their masters days. We always get #47: the rice noodle soup with crab, shrimp and meat. So good and fresh tasting! I usually get the BBQ pork chop with rice which is served with fish sauce. Yum! Parking is difficult here. The garage thing next door is your best bet but come here early because this place gets packed! The restaurant itself used to be pretty dirty but it's gotten better over recent years. My favorite pho place ever!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tú C.', '3', "Maybe the pho and hu tieu are good (according to the reviews). But I came here and order broken rice with chopped pork, and it's not good at all. I mean the rice is normal, but the pork is weird. It's bad. The worst pork chop I've ever tasted. However, the employees are really friendly and nice. So I'm gonna give this a 3/5."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jay M.', '3', "Giving this 3 star for the pricing and pork chop rice plates that was overpriced and portion was small. My pork chop that cost me $12.50 was tiny compared to other Vietnamese I ate. The da lat noodle was $12.50 for a large but it was good but expensive for a bowl of noodles. So don't order the rice plate it was not worth it and it will ruin your day. Customer service was good, the server was really nice."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mackenzie P.', '5', "This place has been around for AGES and it's still constantly packed. Their Hu Tieu Da Lat is legendary. If you like seafood, this place is a must try. It's by far my favorite soup place in the South Bay."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Honey S.', '5', "I found this restaurant on Yelp bc I was craving hu tieu dry and I was dropping my bf off at this house.  The place is tucked in a little building and near SJ State.  The food came quickly and it was amazing! I had the hu tieu (large), my bf had the salmon rice plate and we had fried squid appetizer.   I shouldn't have gotten a large or the appetizer.  I usually always finish my food but the servings were very generous.  My bf's salmon was cooked perfectly and it was the biggest piece of salmon I've ever seen served at a restaurant.  I'm elated to discover this gem and will definitely be eating here when I come down to SJ."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie N.', '4', "Can it be more socially acceptable to go eat alone? Especially with a head-pounding headache a morning after too much socializing from a late night out?  I have found Vietnamese soupy-cuisine to be a great remedy for hangovers.  I contemplated on what level of sad it would be for me to be eating alone on a Saturday morning, but nonetheless I ended up here in a low-key corner table of this place.  Eager to have Bún Bò Hué to cure my soul, they sadly told me they no longer served it even though it was clearly listed on the menu. I'm not going to remove stars for that because I understand reprinting costs can be costly and I have sympathy for small restaurant owners just tryna make it out here.  Butttttt let me finish I got the Pho Dac Biet Yeah kinda like.. Pho Da...Bic Okay if you haven't caught on by now then I guess you just won't.  Service was really fast, and they made me feel extremely comfortable.  Pho is not typically my first pick as I am Vietnamese and appreciate other not-as-known but bomb-as-hell dishes that are a million times better, more satisfying, and flavorful. This place seems to be one of those places that specializes well in Vietnamese dishes that aren't commonly as popular at other pho restaurants.  This place is famous for their jumbo shrimp noodle soup, so I will come back to try it out.  But after I fixed up my pho with spices that I liked, this bowl of noodle soup was pure chicken noodle soup for the soul. Thank ya :-)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sylvia L.', '2', 'Do not expect good customer service here but they do knock out a good bowl of pho and Hua tieu. On our way down from SF TO LA, we decided to try this place a suggestion from a fellow foodie friend. Unlike most pho spots in the East Coast, they have a clear noodle soup here served with seafood (tiger prawn, fish cake slices and crab leg). Or so they said according to the menu! When I got the noodle, I noticed there was no crab leg. I thought I might have ordered something else by mistake so I look at the menu and NOPE I was not smoking something! I mention to the staff that I was missing a crab leg. And the guy then says...oh yeah we ran out of crab legs so we gave you an extra tiger prawn. OK dude, an extra tiger prawn ain\'t no comparison to a crab leg. #sorrynotsorry. The other thing was that the lack of communication on their part was just not cool. If you ran out then let the customer know. Afterall, you are still charging them the same price as if there was a crab leg! How hard is that?! Don\'t troll me!!! In any event, minus the missing her crab leg fiasco, it was a very simple yet tasty bowl of Hua tieu. Is it a west coast thing where everybody is just like "ok no crab leg Oh well no biggie "? Or is it my east coast bitchiness?! NO...globally if you run out of something you should at least let the customer know so they know if they want to change their order for something else. Seriously?!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Megan S.', '4', 'We came with friends for lunch when we asked for an authentic small place that was homey and delicious. Dalat delivered! We tried so many dishes that we had been looking for and every single one was flavorful and well done. The parking is a bit confusing but there is a lot connected to the restaurant as well as the driveways of the neighboring garages.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Robert H.', '4', "This was actually my 2nd time here, and I ordered the exact same thing. It is their #48 - Special Dalat Noodle Soup w/Jumbo Shrimp. No exaggeration here, but I don't typically eat Pho much these days, but this particular dish makes me want to eat it more often! From the noodles, down to every piece of shrimp and pork in the bowl...2 words: FRESH & FLAVORFUL!!!!! The broth comes in a separate bowl, so you can decide if you want to drown your dish or not. As you've probably read in previous reviews, I don't think anyone comes here for the atmosphere or location. It is tucked in a residential area, and I believe it is attached to an apartment complex! Since there are so many parked cars in this neighborhood, parking can be an issue. Service: I'd say is it's not bad, and not great either. It took them a while to bring out my Thai Iced Tea, but my dish came out fairly quickly. I'd definitely come back to try other things on their menu, but it's hard for me to roll the dice when I know they are 2 for 2 with #48!!!  If you can get passed the shady location, and you are okay with dropping $11.95 on a hearty bowl of soup, you should swing by! #48 won't let you down!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Leslie P.', '4', "My uncle & his family loves this place so anytime we meet up with them, we come here. I don't mind because I love this place too, thanks to them. I've tried a lot of things on the menu, and everything is delicious. you can't go wrong with anything. Service can be hit or miss. It's not that great when they are busy!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Caroline P.', '5', 'Open Christmas Day. Next to SJSU. This place is a hole in the wall. A definite gem. And great hu thieu.  We had an amazing combo that contained giant shrimp. Crab claw. Pork loaf. And just lots of meats and noodles. I was brought here by my girlfriends mom who knows her way about food and man, she was right about this place. She knows her food the soup was nice hearty and warm. The bowl of food was dank dank dank. 10-10-10']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cris-ann L.', '4', 'My sister & I went on a hunt to find the "dry 25 + crack sauce" from SF here in the South Bay and we found this place on Yelp. Went in for lunch on a Sunday and there was no wait. The restaurant is located near SJSU and with that being said, expect to see some weird characters walking around. Their service was good compared to other Vietnamese restaurants; even heard the waitress ask a man not of Asian descent if he wanted a fork or chopsticks which is very uncommon and I found thoughtful. The restaurant also seemed to be well taken care of and clean. We got #46 dry (~$12 each), which is the clear noodles seafood soup with sauce and broth separated on the side. It was really good! We listened to other reviews to get the clear noodles but next time I want to get #48 with the rice vermicelli noodles. The shrimps were huge and the broth was very delicious and fresh. Be sure to have it with extra sauce which they serve you automatically. We also ordered the Banh Xeo and thought it was okay, probably would skip it next time. BONUS: They have buy 1, get one for $0.01 beers here! Beers like Stella Artois, Corona, Heinkenen, Modelo... pretty much every beer you can get at Costco. Also, free ice cream for kids. Credit card minimum is $15. There\'s a lot by a Mexican restaurant on the same block if you can\'t find street parking... we got lost trying to find this at first. I\'ll be back!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Greg M.', '1', 'After 35 years of decent food and friendly atmosphere Dalat has changed hands again, and this time the new owners hate people. "What you want?!" a scary woman shrieks over my shoulder to another customer. I mean would it kill her to smile? ... To at least make eye contact just once? The first owner was jovial, the last two owners always had a smile and something good to say. But now the place has grown very cold, and it\'s not just because they are too damned cheap to turn the heat on. There is also a funky smell that permeates the air and makes me seriously question how clean the kitchen is. Dalat has finally died and gone to hell. We won\'t be joining them there.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rea S.', '4', "First time at this spot and first time ever trying hi tieu (dry - basically the broth served on the side) and I'm already looking forward to coming back! I got #58 - seafood / meat combo with egg noodles. They serve extra sauce and the soup on the side. The prawns were huge and the meat was tender. We went on a Tuesday and beer was buy one, get one free. I would consider it a hole in the wall spot,  but from experience those types of places serve the BEST Vietnamese food. They definitely got me hooked on hi tieu! Craving as I write this. Be back soon!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Huy D.', '5', 'The best place for hu tieu in San Jose.  The "dry" Dalat Special (dai) is my go to order.  You get two big jumbo shrimp, a crab claw, and a heap of protein alongside the chewy, clear noodles.  If you order it dry, you\'ll get a side of the special Dalat sauce which is similar to hoisin (albeit less sweet).   Parking is definitely a challenge.  You\'ll see cars parked right next to the window on the busier days.  But it\'s worth braving for the noodles.  Dalat has been around for ages and is practically a San Jose Vietnamese institution.   Dalat, China Chen, and the New Sam Kee are in my rotation of must visits for those nursing hangovers.  Credit cards accepted.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Emily H.', '4', 'Grew up eating from this place however the old man is gone :(.  They sold their business to someone else and food still taste as good.  Service is slower and decor is the same except they now take credit cards which is a plus.  Miss the old man sitting at the register though']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Debbie D.', '3', "Sorry but Ha Nam Ninh in SF has wayyyyy better dry pho! The sauce just isn't as flavorful and adding enough WOW! Like how i felt when i first tried dry pho in SF! The rice noodle they gave me was also the thicker kind, I wanted the skinny rice noodle!  The service was good though, the guy was nice :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sarah D.', '5', 'Hands down, THE BEST place in San Jose to get hu tieu, for now at least, but it\'s been this way for my past lifetime. I can\'t review any of their other dishes since the only time I ever go here is ONLY for their hu tieu.  My family always goes here, but it gets pretty crowded over the weekend.  I haven\'t been able to find another place that serves it half as good as this place. Also, don\'t call hu tieu "pho" because it isn\'t pho.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'James C.', '4', "Ran out of crab but crazy compensated with shrimp. All good it happens  Service isn't too bad for an Asian restaurant. Food was surprisingly tasty and came out super quick.  Decently priced for high quality food."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Del Y.', '5', "Excellent food and reasonable prices.  Great service.   The won ton soup was the best I've had"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Paul V.', '4', "This is one of my go to places for dry egg noodles.  Every time I come I only order one thing and one thing only.  It's the Mi Dalat dish.  This dish is egg noodles with crab claw, jumbo shrimp, sliced pork and chicken.  You can either get it dry or wet (in broth). It's their signature dish and that's all I eat. The 4 stars is for that dish. Love it!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trang Ashley P.', '5', "One of the best hole in the wall Noodle spot downtown San Jose. Been going here since I was little and still am as it's that good! Their Hu Tieu and fried chicken are my favorite. This place never disappoint."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin P.', '5', 'Mushroom Steak with the tomato rice is one of a kind. I highly recommend this place.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Quyen L.', '4', "For Sunday brunch, my family decided to come here for a more casual setting. Dalat is located on the corner of 9th street in downtown San Jose. The neighborhood itself isn't exactly clean or beautiful. The establishment is small and has a parking lot that could fit about two cars, so it's really more like open space. You will definitely need to find street parking, but residential homes surround Dalat so parking may be difficult. As for the restaurant, it looks like any Asian eating establishment. Barely any thought to decor, the paint on the walls are chipping, the tables and chairs have clearly seen better days, and the proximity of each seat is a little too close for comfort. But then again, with most restaurants like these, the horrendous design is practically expected. Service was bland and informal. The waiter (who I suspect was actually the owner) took our orders (without really any formal greeting, mind you) and told us the wait for the food may be a little long, but it was nice to have a warning. Half-way through our lunch, they finally gave us the plate of herbs that usually accompanies most entrees when served, but that was a mistake we weren't too upset about.  While service and decor are mediocre, the high rating is given for the food. I ordered the dry rice noodles with seafood and pork (also known as hu tieu kho, in Vietnamese). I've had my fair share of hu tieu, and Dalat is probably one of the best places to get it. The noodles weren't too soft and had a slight bite to them, the sauce that accompanied the noodles had a sweet tang, and the abundance of meat and seafood in one bowl was delicious. The broth itself was also very savory, but compared to the noodles, it wasn't as spectacular.  I was immensely pleased with the food, as was the case with the rest of my family. The prices are a little higher than most casual Asian establishments, but it makes sense for the kind of food they serve. Since we were so pleased, I'm quite certain my family and I will be back again."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trevor N.', '5', "Attention downtown foodies: this place maybe perfect for you! Family owned and operated and it shows. Wide variety of authentic Vietnamese dishes to choose from. My favorite is #51 seafood clear noodle soup. My hubby always orders his banh xeo (Viet crepe). The half chicken with red rice (almost Spanish) is very popular among Latinos. Don't be intimidated by downtown parking, it's easy enough to find street parking around the area although it's just a block from SJSU. Super friendly and helpful staff."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda O.', '5', "Best chicken noodle soup! The broth is savory without being salty. Great combination of meats in their special noodle soup with giant shrimp and crab meat. Their soup is gold standard of how we grade other noodle soup restaurant. We also like their fried chicken with red rice. The only complaint is the place could be cleaner. It still has a hole in the wall feeling because it feels like they haven't had a good cleaning for years based on their window blinds. But, for the foods, I still give it 5 stars!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer N.', '5', "Best Hu Tieu!!!! Tastes just like my mom's homemade cooking. I usually order #45 and sometimes #46 (bigger portion) if I have an appetite. The soup is so good.  I've had their rice plates in the past and they pretty delicious too. Definitely a place to go to if you want comfort food."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Connie C.', '4', "Thought their steaks were gonna be bigger. Saw they had Cambodian dishes. They deff reminded me of Cambodian dishes from Cambodia. they have no much food to choose from. Porridge is absolutely yummy though! But don't get the seafood one, get the beef. :) also Their Pho is NOT what you think it's going to be or taste like! Broth tasted different. BUT it doesn't taste horrible, the broth is just different, i guess A little less salty?"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'kim s.', '2', 'This WAS my favorite place to go for the past 30+ years.  Recently the Dalat special mì has gone downhill.  The noodlle is soft and mushy while the shrimp is smaller.  My other favorite dish Dalat is infamous for, jumbo prawns sauteed chinese style, have also gone downhill.  $18+tax +tip for two tiny prawns?  No thank you!  I guess all good thing come to an end! :(']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yennie L.', '4', 'This place have good hu tieu and have been around for years! Hu tieu here never fails me. It is more on the pricey side.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phuong N.', '4', 'this is my all time favorite seafood noodle soup in town. Small, busy, old, but good noodle. Yummy!!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rose M.', '5', 'Vermicelli noodles with pork and jumbo shrimp was very delicious! There are so many choices on the menu.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chris V.', '4', 'Apparently, this place is known for their Hu Tieu. I think they have a leg to stand on. We parked about a block away from the entrance of Da Lat, but I later noticed that there were makeshift parking spots on the 9th Street side of the restaurant. Sunday brunch was busy, but fortunately they had a free table for us right away. Hu Tieu Dai Da Lat Dac Biet ($12.95 currently, IIRC) was my order. I had it "kho" (translates to "dry") meaning that the broth came on the side (in a bowl). This allows you to apply their sweet/salty sauce to the noodles and meats, which wouldn\'t be possible if the bowl was filled with broth. First of all, the broth was delicious. It\'s rich and adds flavor to everything. Slurp some up after taking a bite. The noodles were great too, with a bit of chew in them and a really smooth feel. You should know that you\'ll get a different noodle if you don\'t order the "Di" version. Finally, the meats were a little more of a mixed bag, with the chicken being a bit tough and the cha chien (pork roll) being a bit dry. However, the crab claw was tasty, and the giant prawns were delicious and cooked properly. They have a "Mi" version of that dish, which replaces the noodles with egg noodles and doesn\'t come with a sauce, but is otherwise the same. It looked similar otherwise. Also, I sampled a bit of pork from the Bun Tom Thit Nuong. It was decent, but it was pretty thin and had no char. I wouldn\'t come here for that dish. I can see why they\'re popular. Although it\'s a bit pricey, I would go back if I were specifically in the mood for Hu Tieu.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angeline H.', '5', 'This is my go to spot for noodle soups.  They are known for their Hu Tieu. When you order the server will ask you if you want it wet or dry. I get the #59 wet (soup and noodles together) with half egg noodles and half clear noodles. This bowl of noodles comes with cha ca (fried fish cake patty sliced), 1 jumbo shrimp, 1 crab claw, chicken, and pork.  When you get the order, you add your typical condiments like fish sauce, pepper, and chili or sriracha.  Toss in the veggies and lime, BOOM. Mind blown. Their viet coffee is  not the best but does the job. Two bowls of noodles and coffee are about $35 + tip. This is about right pricing as my last review I complained it was a bit expensive (Probably because I was a starving broke college student at the time :P). They accept visa and master card here which is typically not offered at vietnamese restaurants!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Art O.', '5', 'We always get #46: the special noodle soup with the soup on the side! Delicious! Parking is usually not great... just have to park a block or more away.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephen H.', '5', "Love this restaurant.  We ordered  Hu tieu = delicious and the sauce was really good Spring rolls = fresh and not like other restaurants they stuff the spring rolls Vietnamese coffee = one of the best I've tried Calamaris = was nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Would highly recommend if you're looking for authentic Vietnamese food!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Marlene T.', '4', "Wait in line... Yes, thats why I gave you one less star. Service is slow and I don't understand why it would take you so long to make a bowl of noodles when this is the standard. Almost all dishes are the same, therefore, prepare for the rush.  The food though, worth the wait. The noodles are never overcooked or undercooked. The sauce is perfectly tangy and sweet. The meats are always tender. The shrimps are more like prawns; decently sized. The soup, not greasy, delicious.  YUM. I'd go back, a lot."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trung N.', '5', 'Me and my girlfriend were looking for places to eat for breakfast, near campus on Friday morning and we came across this place. It was our very first time here, and we were greeted and told to sit anywhere we wanted. My girlfriend and I both ordered a #55 and the portions were pretty big for only $11 a person. We were both satisfied with the meal and most likely to come back.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vivian P.', '1', 'Came in here because Pho Cong Ly was closed for the day. Waiters are really inattentive and utensils felt sticky and dirty. I ordered a Pho Ga but was given a Hu Tieu Ga, when I clearly asked for Pho.... Brother was extremely sweet for my taste and everything seemed really cluttered. Never again']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hieu H.', '4', 'Well this place has one of the best hu tieu I ever had. Not biggest fan of it, but they make it good here. Overall, the food was good and well priced.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phoebe T.', '5', "I'm surprised I haven't wrote a review about this place when I come here almost once a week! My favorite is #48 with the broth inside (you can get it wet or dry), the broth is amazing! So flavorful & not fatty as the other ones that I have tried.  It may seem like a hole in the wall, especially with decor & the inside... But this place is definitely worth trying! Love, love, love it.  Definitely a regular at this place now."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica H.', '4', "Dalat is my continuous #1 Vietnamese food joint.  One of my favorite Vietnamese dishes is rice with grilled pork, and they just make it soo good here.  The meat is charred nicely, but it is still somehow different enough from other places to make it unique and tasty, not really sure how to explain it.  I've heard the roast chicken is good too, and I've seen many people order it, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet cause I'm too addicted to ordering my thit nuong.   Onto the star of the show, this place is known for their special glass noodles.  I like to order it dry with extra sauce on the side, but every order comes with 2 fat shrimps and a crab claw! That's already enough to entice me in.  Overall this is a yummy homey place, and when I come back I would probably order the grilled pork, because there's too much nostalgia I can't break away from."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '4', 'Forgot about this place, until I recently took my husband here. He was like, "Why you been hiding this place from me?" Been going here since the 90\'s. Nothing has changed, literally, the food and decor are the same.  Great hu tieu noodles, dry or soup. #48 is the most expensive dish on the menu and worth it. It\'s $12 and includes crab claw, jumbo prawns, and rich broth. Service is blunt and gets the job done.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'thang n.', '4', "Good food, nice people, great portions! Yes it does have that Asian feeling to it. And the only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because of decor and cleanliness, typical Asian restaurant! I like the hu tieu mi and com ga! Yummy!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wendy Y.', '4', "I love trying new places nearby SJSU for lunch! It's kind of like a hole-in-the-wall for some authentic Vietnamese food! I'm definitely a noob when it comes to the Vietnamese cuisine since I normally get just pho or the rice vermicelli dishes. I didn't know about this place until my friend brought me here. When I'm here, I always get the Hu Tieu (#48). Order it dry with sauce on the side because it's the best! The soup comes on the side, too and it's so good when it's on a cold day! It's something different from what I usually eat at Vietnamese restaurants and I really enjoy it! It's delicious. It's meaty. The portion is great. There aren't much to complain about.  Overall, I recommend this place to everyone who loves the Vietnamese cuisine. It's a great and affordable place filled with delicious food!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sona K.', '4', 'Clear broth, very generous portion of meat and seafood! Was different from the other Vietnamise res.  I had the house special, and was pretty good. like to go back to try other dishes!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Henry L.', '5', 'This is probably my favorite restaurant in Downtown San Jose! The best restaurant in Town!!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jess C.', '3', 'The "original" #25 dry (Hu Tieu) is just not as good as Ha Nam Ninh, which is my gold standard.  I\'m still in search for the best Vietnamese food in SJ, send me recommendations if you have any!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Henry C.', '5', "Don't know why it took me so long to come here. I used to live just blocks away. I got the dry combination with the egg noodle. My gf got the clear noodles, it was clear and chewy might be yam noodles. I liked the chewy clear noodles a lot and would get a mix of egg noodles and clear noodles next time."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Paul T.', '4', 'We were just around the area and stop by to try it out. I had the dry noodles which was excellent I would of gave them a five stars but they went easy on the sauce I had to ask for more. Other than that I would recommend this place.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lydia L.', '3', 'Really quiet on a Thursday night. When we went in there was only 1 other table.  Service was pretty fast.  I ordered the grilled pork and shrimp vermicelli bowl and my boyfriend got a shaking beef rice plate. The prawns they gave me were HUGE. They almost tasted like lobster. Loved them. Pork was nicely grilled as well. Not enough noodles to the amount of meat given though, and especially since the meats were a bit salty, the lack of noodles was disappointing.  My boyfriend said his shaking beefrice plate was average as well because the beef was slightly overcooked. But they gave a side of soup which I enjoyed because it was super light but still had a nice chicken flavor to it.  Overall decent meal, maybe slightly over priced when compared to other viet places nearby.  But they do give a 10 percent discount to students if you show your id!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katrina C.', '4', "Dalat is just a solid Vietnamese restaurant! There isn't anything I had at Dalat that I didn't like. I really like the pho, bun thit nuong, and fried chicken rice plate, which are in rotation whenever I go here. The owner is really friendly, personable, and has a great relationship with his regulars."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wiseley F.', '3', 'No doubt of mind, this place is one of the "hole-in-a-wall" joints in San Jose. Maybe it was my fault, but I didn\'t look at the reviews prior to ordering.  Me and my friend arrived for an early dinner before we planned to watch Wicked and my god, it was a struggle dealing with traffic and finding parking. As we entered, we noticed all of the employees sitting around chatting (which makes sense since it was an odd time for a meal). After being seated for a minute, the host comes over ready to take our order. I guess it looked like we weren\'t ready so he literally sat down on the table next to us until we were ready. It had actually been quite a while since I had broken rice so I figured this was a good of a time as any.  The food came out shortly and I was ready to dive in. The proportions were decent, but not in the right way; my plate was probably 40% rice, 30% shredded pork, 20% salad, and 10% grilled pork. In the end, I was definitely full, but I wish they gave me more than a tiny cut of pork. Next time I guess I\'ll pick something Yelp recommends.  *** PS. Cash Only']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jasmine N.', '5', 'Been going here since I was young but their hu tieu is always on point. Probably my favorite place to get hu tieu. I usually get #47 or #48 depending on my mood on whether I want my soup to be wet or dry. I usually like it dry so I can control the amount of sauce to put on it. They are pretty generous with that sauce too. The side broth to wash your food down after is also delicious. The price definitely has gone up in the past but the food is worth it here. Limited street parking. Almost never crowded. But food is bomb!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amanda V.', '4', 'Very tasty broth and was full after eating the small. A little pricey for what you get, but good food, overall.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Leanne N.', '5', "By far the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever ate at.  Definitely my fave spot to grab some pho. My favorite is the seafood pho or the dry noodles with soup on the side. You definitely get your money's worth. The portions will get you full! I highly recommend this place if you're craving some authentic Vietnamese food. It's a hole in the wall, but so. darn. good."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim T.', '5', 'The owner really nice. The service is perfect!!! The food is really good, the best hu tieu in San Jose so far. Will come back more!!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Heng T.', '5', "One of the best original Vietnamese seafood dry noodles in town. I've been coming here for over 15 years since i was younger. The food is fresh and portions are huge... the fried chicken and rice plate is good as well..."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ryan L.', '5', "Seriously, if you're in San Jose and need to get a bowl of noodle soup but youre not in a rush.. this is the place to be.  I vary my noodle preference between rice noodle (white) and egg noodle (yellow). When i go egg noodle, i get item number 59 which has two jumbo (i mean JUMBO) shrimp, a cracked crab claw, thinly sliced chicken breast, pork and fish (like a sliced meatloaf made of fish, dont worry its good trust me) all of this... drowning in a rich tasty broth steaming hot. Order this and it runs 14 bucks, however for all the stuff they put in it, its well worth the price of admission"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Twee L.', '4', 'I remember going to this place when I was a kid, so this past new year when we pass by this place I had to stop to try the hi tieu that I remember was da bomb!!! And guess what??? Decades later it still is!!! Omg so delicious. The only reason I remove a star was because parking is very limited and I end up getting a $70 ticket  making this the most expensive Bowl of hi tieu I ever had.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancy Y.', '5', "Seriously, where has this place been all my life.  My husband and I recently discovered this place and it has been our go to spot for when we are indecisive about what to eat.  What to get: #48 dry-House special! Soup on the side. The sauce is comes with is so bomb, it goes perfectly with the noodles. Amount of Food: They do not skimp you! You get 3 huge prawns, a crab claw and tons of fish cake and pork slices. Price: $10-$15 a dish Parking: Pretty hard to find since it's on a residential street but beat the rush from 11am or 5-6pm and you'll be fine. I never had  a problem finding parking and I never had to wait in line. Service: Timely, friendly & fast"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Johnny L.', '4', "My friends and I usually go here only for their noodles, which is there clear noodles w/ pork, crab and prawns in their special sauce.(if you don't like clear noodles you can substitute it for egg noodle or something else) Make sure you get soup on the side on the side. Pretty good portion and satisfying on top of that they have bogo on beers! The only thing about this place is that parking sucks."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joanna Q.', '4', "Dalat has been around for as long as I can remember and is definitely a staple stop when I think of good, authentic Vietnamese food. I remember frequenting this place as a kid with my parents and  till this day they still serve up a mean bowl of hu tieu!  You can choose to get the noodles dry or with soup. My favorite is the dry hu tieu which comes with a bowl of dry egg noodles complete with toppings (sliced pork, sliced chicken, a crab claw, fried fish cake,and two hearty-sized prawns). On the side, you also receive a small bowl of soup and sauce to season your noodles to taste.   I've also tried their salmon and red rice dish which was also good. A nice option for those who want to try something other than the noodles."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Babynorah T.', '4', "Ordered the Hu Tieu and it was awesome. We went to the Nam Vang place for hu tieu earlier and I didn't like it at all but this place is different. I haven't tried any other dish yet since this was my first time. They don't skimp, you get a huge shrimp.  Plus our waiter was so helpful and nice. Can't wait to come back when i'm in San Jos."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'JESSIE L.', '5', 'This is the only place I will pick every time my family decide to have Vietnamese food. The dry noodle with crab meat and shrimp plus its house sauce is good.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ivy T.', '4', 'Pretty pleased with this place!  Came here after a race and ordered their mix of clear and egg noodles.  Clear broth, tasted like broth versus using "additives" to make up for the taste.  Meat was sliced well and plenty of seafood.  Fresh dish of celery and bean sprouts.  I would say they give plenty of meat.  Fast service!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Felicia D.', '5', 'Whenever i came here i always order #48 with the soup together (i saw a lot of reviews here people ordered the soup on the side). delicious soup i think they made it with crab stock. Very comforting especially when its colder outside.  My friend liked the fried chicken with tomato rice as well.  The people that worked here are very nice too! Thats always a plus! :)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vivian C.', '4', '4.5/5 San Jose really is the place to go for Vietnamese food. My friend insisted I get my butt here and copy her order and I\'m super happy that I did. The other items here looked fairly average but the 47/48 (Hu Tieu Da Lat) is where it is at. According to the waitress the only difference is that the 48 is bigger. The service was decent, parking is a bit sparse (there is a mini "parking lot" but a few street parking spots available), and the interior is your typical homey Asian restaurant vibe (aka not exactly upscale). They do accept credit cards but there is a $15 minimum. The Hu Tieu Da Lat is basically a rice noodle dish that comes with 2 jumbo shrimp, a crab claw, a few slice of pork, and slices of firm fried tofu. The shrimp, pork, and tofu were all average and slightly on the dry side but the claw was surprisingly tender and meaty. We ordered the noodles "dry" so it came with a small bowl of plain broth on the side and a bowl of a dark sauce to pour on the noodles. I don\'t know what exactly was in the dark sauce but it tasted like soy sauce plus hoisin plus some other ingredients. By itself it was a bit weird but it went so well with the noodles and broth that I kept spooning it on. I gulfed down the whole bowl but I still wanted more. I was full but it\'s just that addicting to eat. They also provided us with a plate of bean sprouts, jalapeno, cilantro, green onion, and celery tips. The herbs went very well on it and I wish I asked for more. I also added on a couple spoonfuls of the chili+chili oil they provide. While I can\'t say it\'s an extremely mind blowing meal with deep complex flavors, I do think it\'s homey Asian food at it\'s finest. I will definitely be back for seconds!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jen H.', '4', '4/5 stars: HU TIEU kho delicious--I love how they give you some of the sauce on the side if you want your noodles to be more salty.  I always like my soup on the side aka Kho']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'J B.', '3', "I been passing by her since 1979 and the place is still ok, the food is regular in taste and the broth is to sweet with MSG, the price is fair and the service ok. The only problem the place is old and dirty like most places in Vietnam. I won't be coming back"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tony B.', '3', "Food was edible and somewhat tasty, however peering through the kitchen and seeing it made me question the hygiene of the place. If you're a little sensitive to cleanliness this may not be your place. If you like street food in Asia, this is your place. The chao Tom was on the dry side. Looked like it was made a long time ago and frozen! Hi Tieu broth was tasty but I question if they use MSG. Probably so."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'anyone n.', '5', "I love their hu tieu da lat.  it's so good. Especially with hu tieu dai. The clear noodle kind. Only problem is the parking space but you can also order togo."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Omar R.', '4', "Hidden mom and pop shop close to the school, had come here before for awhile prior to joining yelp and made this a must while in San Jose. Since the change in ownership had taken place I can honestly say there isn't a change in quality. Still as good as ever and now they offer free wifi and except credit cards. It's still a long wait though, but today was a glaring mishap to which I had to remind the waiter to check on my order. Luckily he quickly brought out my plate and it was well worth the it. They also have a bogo offer on drinks that includes beer. What a perk. Overall their signature dishes are on point and the comforts of paying by card make it a lot easier and swift when dining. If your in town and don't feel like going through the hassle of dealing with the Tully road traffic, this is your spot."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sally D.', '3', "3.5 stars. I didn't like this place as much as everyone else did. This is probably the place to be to get your Vietnamese food fix onnnn, however, I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would. Pro: - They have ALL kinds of Vietnamese foods here from Pho, Clear/White/Yellow Noodle, rice plates, you name it and they probably have it!  - Fast & great customer service - Option of dry/wet noodles - Accepts Credit Card Because they make all of these Vietnamese dishes, I feel like there's nothing special that they have to offer. Overall, I'd come back here, but it wouldn't be my top choice."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vicky A.', '5', 'I absolutely love, love, love this place! I come here all the time and the owners are very friendly! Service is always great and speedy. My favorite thing here is the #47. Definitely one of the best pho spots!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ivy S.', '5', "I love this place so much that during my left leg's incapacitated state (tore a gastrocnemius muscle), I had Postmates deliver it to my house. My favorite is number 58, dry. Even my husband who is not a big fan of Vietnamese food loved it. A definite must-try."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'William N.', '5', 'The place to go in San Jose for Hu Tieu/Mi Kho! ("Dry" Style Clear Noodles/Egg Noodles) The way they prepared their soups hasn\'t changed since it opened (Don\'t know the exact date but probably around the late 80\'s early 90\'s). They don\'t use any gimmicks like a beef bone in your soup bowl, or add quail eggs just to increase the ingredient count in the dish like so many places do nowadays.  Tip: Ask for an extra side of their sauce if you want to add even more flavor!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eber H.', '5', "I didn't even really know what Hu Tieu was...I just know that I have always loved the version with egg noodles and usually have it dry with soup on the side. The quality of the seafood is legit, radioactive, mutant-sized prawns and a juicy crab claw. The thin slices of pork and cha (vietnamese pork sausage) paired with the seafood is the perfect combination if youre the kind of person who wants it all in one bowl.  Top it all off with the special Dalat sauce (kinda like hoisin, but better and less bite) and offset a few bites with the soup is just a great pairing. I usually come here for this, however I do occasionally order the spring rolls and they are really fresh. Egg rolls are ok...maybe a bit too much white pepper. I always want to try other rice dishes because everything looks like its well done. But this place deserves 5 stars just on the noodles alone, even if other dishes might be par/subpar. But I have yet to even venture out because I keep coming back for Hu Tieu. Oh and the Viet Iced Coffee is probably my favorite compared to a lot of places. Its always a solid consistency of creaminess and not too sweet. I will never get tired of this spot. True SJ gem :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chin Man L.', '3', "Many Vietnamese in the restaurant ! Good sign. The noodles is not the typical thing that you get. It is seafood~  Once in a while if i am in that area i will return. However, i won't drive 30 mins to san jose just for this place. It is a good twist of your usual Vietnamese food experience."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Calvin N.', '4', 'I like the dry noodle selection here. Quite pleasant to dine for some authentic southeast Asian dishes. The price is about right and the service is great.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Daniel C.', '4', "Was in town for a conference and trekked here through the heat while almost dragging a sick friend. Verdict: Totally worth it.  Judging by the exterior of the restaurant we briefly started second guessing ourselves as we stumbled up. But when we saw an old Viet grandma emerge from a van and charge into the restaurant with her family in tow, we knew it must be legit! Looking around at what the other patrons had ordered, just about everything in the place looked really delicious. Dishes with seafood seemed to be very popular but we opted to keep it simple and just got the classic beef pho (Pho Dac Biet).  The broth of the pho was rich in flavour but still light and fairly clear in colour. In other words, perfect! The beef slices could've been a little bit more raw when they came out but I'm just nitpicking. My friend and I are originally from Toronto but have since moved to NYC & Seattle - both places where you can't pay enough to get a good bowl of pho. This place totally hit the spot!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Morgan F.', '5', "Have been hearing about this place from a friend of mine, and he finally took me!! LOVED IT! We ordered the seafood pho special (heard ordering dry is phenomenal, but we got the soup).  It comes with 2 HUGE prawns, fish cakes, a crab claw, and pork.  The pork is a tad dry, but the seafood was delicious.  I am not normally a fan of fish cake, but it was one of my favorite things in the soup!   They have happy hour special everyday: buy one beer, get the next for 1 penny.  I don't think there is a time frame either.  Pretty sure you can get it at any time.   I would definitely recommend this to pho lovers from everywhere!  I am already craving a second bowl."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Daisy L.', '5', "This review is long overdue because I've literally been coming here my entire life. This is my parents' go-to restaurant for lunch, and we usually eat here at least once a month. For a family who doesn't eat out often, that says a lot. I always get the Hu Tieu Da Lat dry. It's their special vermicelli and it comes with a side of sauce that is sooo yummy! You can get noodles dry or with soup. The food here is always consistent. Service is fast and friendlier than most Asian restaurants in the area. The owner recognizes my family and knows how picky my mom is with her food.  Only thing is that it's pretty rundown. Parking is difficult (it's downtown first of all) and the place needs a remodeling. But the food makes up for it!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'S. H.', '3', "If I could give this place 3.5 stars, I would. It wasn't quite a 4 star place though I would say it's higher than a 3 star. The pros are: The bathroom is clean. It smelled a little funny but the floor was spotless and well stocked with paper towels. One of my pet peeves is a dirty bathroom in restaurants and Da Lat did not disappoint. The noodles are pretty good! I got the shrimp and crab Hu tieu (the smaller one) and the noodles were nice & slippery (not soggy) and the dark sauce that they brought out was excellent. I especially liked the juicy lime they gave me. I like lime juice in my Vietnamese noodles~| The reason why I'm giving 3 stars: The shrimp was so so. It was tough and stringy-- it made me think that they did a poor job of defrosting the thing before they put it on my noodles. The crab was pretty good-soft and tender meat. But that shrimp-- In conclusion, the food was good but it didn't blow me away. Maybe I'll go back and give it another chance seeing how so many other people love this place."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Natalia D.', '5', 'This place is so good. If I can I want to have this for breakfast everyday. They open vey early at 8 am. Their noodle is the best. The portion is also good with reasonable price. The sauce they use to pour over is the bomb. And the best part they have beer buy 1 get the second one for 1cents! Lol']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Racquel E.', '4', 'I had lunch with co-workers here, and the place looked very familiar. I probably ate here long ago with my high school friends. On this visit, I had the Special Dalat Noodle Soup with jumbo shrimp. The broth and flat noodles were flavorful and delicious, and I like that they serve this dish with jumbo shrimp vs. medium size shrimp.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'LaiSun K.', '3', 'The Pho was very good but Vietnamese coffee came out at the end of my meal when I had ordered it to be served first so not perfect.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vincent M.', '5', 'i ordered hu tieu. Awesome!!!!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine Y.', '5', "Okay. Hands down this is the best quality dry noodle place I've ever had. Meat quality is definitely on par and the seafood is very fresh. Unlike most Vietnamese noodle places which are dirty and everything is sticky... Gross.... This place is spotless. Service is very good and even though this is a bit of a drive for me, I will definitely be coming back again. I even bought an extra noodle for later on today. That's how much I enjoyed it. Highly recommended"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael H.', '5', "Hands down my favorite seafood noodle soup spot in San Jose . All the different types of noodles are awesome . Rice Noodle ( thin or wide) , egg noodle , clear noodles , etc are always on point here. The soup base is always consistent and savory .  It's one of those hole in the wall treasures people are always seeking. A little pricy but you pay for what you get for and you leave full and satisfied . You want a $6 bowl of noodles go to tung kee , but if you want the real deal go to Dai Lat. Mom and Pop service , they do the best they can with what they got . Try to avoid rush hours or weekends , it's always crowded ."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Pete P.', '5', 'One of the best noodle dishes around.  Dalat is delishhhhioussss.  The noodles here are better than anything we have found in SoCal.  The fresh ingredients and special sauce make this place a winner.   P.S.  I\'ve only tried and eat that one specific noodle dish here every time.  The dish has the name "dalat" in it.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex S.', '3', "I've been here a couple times.  Mostly to order takeout.  The Vietnamese food is good, and my favorite dish is Bun thit nuong. Just prices are a bit higher than most Viet restaurants, I feel like I can find similar quality for 20% less price at other places."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jon C.', '5', "Great Pho, but you gotta try the Braised Duck with chow mein. I usually don't eat birds... but I can't pass up a good duck dish! Was told that they simmer the duck for like 8-9 hours to get that yummy fatty broth. Good prices. Friendly staff who remember their regulars. Limited size dining room can be over crowded with a wait during peak lunch hour. So go late or order out? I was turned on to this place by one of my cohorts at work."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joyce H.', '4', "Dry pho all day!  I prefer Ha Nam Ninh in San Francisco, but since I split time between the two cities, this is a great option in San Jose. Get the #47 dry with rice noodles. Or the #48, it's the same but a bigger size. The prawns are huge and the crab claw is delicious. The sauce under the noodles is a little spicy, which I really like. They even came by with extra sauce without me having to ask. Excellent and quick service and he was happy to explain the differences between the many hu tieu options."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kelly L.', '1', 'This place over charge. They ran out crab,they don\'t even let us know so they add shrimp and charge the same price. When we told the lady,I think she the manager or the boss she say "we ran out crab so we replace shrimp instat. She say "shrimp and crab are the same price", no is not the same price,crab cost more. I told her "then you guy should tell us ahead". She don\'t even say sorry or nothing. Once more thing we in the middle of eating,the waiter came ask us to move are car cuz someone car park in front of us. Are you fuking seriously we in middle of eating. So when my husband went up pay the lady say "oh we out crab like a month already". Yah really is a lot crab out there in the market lady cuz that place so cheap don\'t want add crab anymore and charge same price. Me,my husband and my friends not going there anymore cuz is not good anymore anyway. I have to choose 1 star. I really don\'t want give them any star at all.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vince C.', '5', "Crab claw Crab claw... Yom Yom Yom Massive prawn... Yom Yom Yom  The previous owner was a racist It pissed me off yo cause I'm a bassist Just another brother on the streets Always looking for more Good Eats Chorus: I said it before, and I'll say it again Get the 47 and you'll come back again (Repeat)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jimmy L.', '2', 'I\'ve always wanted to try this place since I was a student at SJSU, and after reading the reviews here, decided to give it a whirl. I know that everyone talks about the noodles and seafood, but I really wanted some pork and rice, and not so much seafood, so Dad and I went with the dinner-specific menu. We ordered a coupla Viet coffees, and when they asked, I requested table-brew, but they came back with nasty pre-brewed. Meaning - that it really tasted like drip coffee with condensed milk added. For the food order, we had -  Claypot Pork 14.95 -  this was hugely disappointing, cuz the name might imply something tender and slow-cooked (i was thinking pork shoulder or pork belly), however, not only did they NOT serve it in a clay pot, but it wasn\'t what the name implied, and tasted like super lean pan-fried pork leg meat slices. It was WAY over-priced at 14.95 for what you get, and there wasn\'t anything else served in the dish except the meat. Salted Shrimp and Pork (ribs) 18.95 - Fairly good and saucy, and cooked with pepper and onions. Shrimps were whole (as expected), and they threw in quite a few of \'em. We originally wanted the Pork Ribs-only dish, though the server suggested we get this instead so as not to have too many pork-only entrees.  Note that the menu didn\'t indicate "ribs" originally, so I\'m not positive if they special-made this for us or not. The pork ribs in this dish, though flavorful, were more like tiny bite-size riblets with hardly a nary of meat on em. I was kind of expecting pork chop bones, at the very least... Then, since they really don\'t list any on the menu, we asked for vegetables (and they mentioned "Mixed Vegetables" - mushrooms, cabbage, bok choy, broccoli). Mixed vegetables were good, and cooked in a similar sauce as the Salted Shrimp and Pork. All-in-all, they were fairly good, but not good enough for the ratings I see, or for the price we paid ($60 total bill).']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Quynh P.', '5', "My favorite Hu Tieu place thus far. My mom took us here a few times while visiting my family in the Bay Area. I trust anything my mom recommends because that woman knows how to cook and she knows what is worth our money when dining out. We ordered the #48 (Special Dalat Noodle Soup with shrimp dry), I wanted to try the other items on the menu, but since I'm hardly in town I just have to order this every time I am here. My brother even brought up that this was one of the first restaurants he remembered eating at, and that was freaking over 37+ years ago!!!! Damn this is definitely the spot if you are in the mood for some soup that is not  ramen or pho."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jacki L.', '1', "My hubby and I just came here for lunch. Kinda sad that he finished his lunch and my food didn't come out. Apparently they forgot my food :( . Oh well, back to work and wait for happy hour later.  One star because of super poor service."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Celine O.', '5', "I grew up eating here and I still enjoy my pho every time I come! I stop by every few years  when I visit San Jose and it's such a nice place. The people are nice; the food even better. Parking can be a hassle but I'd say the huge piece of crab and the big shrimp make up for it"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cynthia A.', '4', "One of my favorite Viet restaurants to get hu tieu. Long time establishment that goes back to the early 80's. Mom and pop shop recently retired and sold to a couple looking to venture into restaurant ownership. The same kitchen staff is retained but some much needed modernization took place. Credit cards are now accepted (thank goodness) and they have started to refresh the outdated look of the restaurant.  The food stays the same with their signature jumbo prawns. I always order the clear noodle special, priced at $13 a bowl. Large generious portions with 2 jumbo prawns and a crab claw. I always get it with soup on the side but thats just a personal preference. Their chinese stewed water prawns is another delicious dish. Comes with 2 to 3 large prawns with head attached and a side of rice. Price is $18 but worth every dollar. I would stay away from the broken rice dishes. Not a fan and theres better places that specialize in that if its what youre craving.  Overall, its a better version of its old self since the new owners took over. Much better service and customer oriented.  4 stars"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joseph B.', '5', 'Simply said this place serves some Bomb Ass Phó. I always get the #48. The taste is always consistent. Good service good food.....need I say more. Check it out.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Winnie G.', '5', 'Where do I start?  I\'ve had this placed bookmarked way before I even moved to San Jose and I just always wanted to go. I didn\'t want the pho, I wanted that legit experience of soup on the side and those flavorful noodles with that special sauce. But the problem was, they closed too early 730pm .. COME ON. It\'s Downtown San Jose you can\'t close that early it\'s an absolute nono. But considering that they open before the sun comes up, well alright. My apologies.  So the other day, I finally had the opportunity to drive my lazy behind down to to 9th and williams to give this amazing place a try for breakfast. It was weird because I don\'t do vietnamese food for breakfast, it seemed awkward BUT let me tell you, it was totally not. I arrived and there it was sitting on a corner, so glorious and run down near the apartments looking so, unwelcoming. There\'s half an hour parking on the side the restaurant is on, one hour parking on the other side and random parking spots up on the curb for the restaurant no time limit (yaaaa know, ps no parking permit needed).  Inside, you can sit wherever you want. Don\'t expect smiles or service cause I didn\'t get any. Once you get the menus, you\'re going to be asked promptly what you want, or really, they\'re going to stand there and stare at you until you do so. But do yourself a favor and Yelp the place before you go and order what you see in the pictures because you can\'t go wrong. I came here specifically for that #46 "The Hu Tieu Dai Da Lat Dac Biet" (Special Dalat clear Noodle Soup with Jumbo Shrimp) (11.50) I\'m not a soup on the side person but it\'s way better this way. The jumbo shrimp IS JUMBO, never seen shrimp that big or an asian place not trying to gip me! Shocking. The entire bowl is of food not just salad on the bottom to make it look like there\'s food. The fried onions on top, that fresh crab claw, the special sauce on the side and on half of the clear noodles, the food was still warm (NOT COLD) delicious. Straight up food porn food coma for hours to come. It was heavenly and the best thing here. My plus one got the #39 "Banh Hoi THit Nuong" (BBQ Pork w/ Fine Rice Vermicelli & Salad) (10.95) I thought it was bbq pork like the red, honey glazed chinese version, but reallllly it was delicious caramelized grilled pork that was topped on the vermicelli! It was fantastic and filled with flavors, the portion of pork to noodles was 2:1. Amply amounts too much to eat!  Great place to grab a bite in DTSJ, especially if you\'re craving some delicious vietnamese food. Cash only, but they have an ATM machine on the inside. It\'s clean and like I said, the people aren\'t too friendly unless you speak their language, but hey, good food no care right?']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jordan W.', '5', 'I love this place! Amazing hu tieu (seafood soup with noodles), great banh xeo (Vietnamese crepes with seafood). Spring rolls were delicious too. And the Vietnamese coffee (both hot and cold) are awesome.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alysa N.', '5', "Where do I even start with this review? Anyone that knows me knows I'm obsessed with this restaurant. Obsessed is probably an understatement. I've even had people joke that they will buy me gift cards to this place (which they offer!). I'm probably here once a week or get take out once a week. I've been coming here for 20+ years. It's a staple for my family. They've changed ownership recently but the taste is just as great.  The hu tieu is like nothing I've had before. I'm not a huge fan of Vietnamese soups (and yes I'm Vietnamese) but I can eat their bowls of hu tieu all day. You can get it dry (with broth on the side) or with broth. I prefer mine with broth. I don't get anything else here but the hu tieu. The mi (egg noodle) is good too though.  I always have cravings for this place. When I lived in San Diego and came back to visit, this was always one of my go to stops."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kalen K.', '4', "Does this place need another review? I think they have been in business for over 20 years...and that says everything you need to know. They make a high quality seafood stew with very fresh shrimp and crab. The only problem I see is that you can't find it on the menu unless you are Vietnamese. It literally says something like beef noodle soup in English - but is actually a super combo seafood. A little update on the menu and the facility itself might add the extra star, but why bother when you already have a packed house."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Janet D.', '4', "Despite almost their closing time of 7:30 on a Saturday they let us in. Again this is one of those places that I wouldn't know if not because of Yelpers  tips and great reviews. Heather K is all praise about this place. My white girl telling me about a great pho place. So cute! :) but she swears that theyre great! I concur. I had the seafood pho with clear noodle It's worth the $11.85.  I had half the ocean's creatures in my bowl! Very flavorful broth. Adam had the Braised Duck with yellow noodle. $8.95. It looked like half a duck was dropped in his bowl. I tried his broth as well.  The secret is in the broth. If the broth is wrong the whole scene is WRONG. This broth is perfect! Polite staff, a bit of a language barrier but pointing works very well. Clean overall.  CASH ONLY( they have ATM inhouse). No disposable chopsticks. They charge $1 for hot tea that's normally free somewhere else.  But a coke in can is $1 too. Meh! I didn't like this trifecta. Street parking might be a problem on a weekday lunch."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew C.', '2', 'Dalat is known for their Hu Tieu (South Vietnamese noodle soup with pork / seafood based broth), they have many variation with different toppings and noodle choices. Besides the soups they have a pretty extensive menu of other dishes, but it looked like most everyone was eating the bowls of noodles. I got the #47 regular sized Hu Tieu Da Lat Kho their special with crab claw and jumbo shrimp with rice noodles (#45 is the same with clear noodles), $8.95 (large, dac biet is $10.95). They also have Hu Tieu Nam Vang (#49) for under $6 which has regular sized shrimp and no crab and similar soups with egg noodles (Mi). Kho = "dry" or soup broth on the side and sauce on the noodles. Basic condiments of sprouts, jalapeno slices, and lime wedge ( ). Both the noodles and broth came out piping hot. I almost didn\'t see the crab claw tucked under some fish cake ( ) Toppings in the regular size include one jumbo shrimp, a crab claw, and slices of fish cake, pork, & chicken ( ) as well as some scallions and fried shallots. Things started out pretty good. Tender, lean meats, well cooked noodles, but then 2/3 of the way through my mouth started feeling cotton-y and the start of an MSG headache began. Pretty sure it was the broth that was packing the MSG punch. By the time I left, my temples were throbbing with the biggest MSG reaction I\'ve had in about a year. Along with not giving me a headache, I prefer the Hu Tieu at Nam Vang where the broth is a bit more rich and you get the pig neck bone to gnaw on in the broth.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Randy F.', '3', "**Pho Quest: Hu Tieu Side Quest #1** After pho, hu tieu is easily my 2nd favorite Vietnamese noodle soup.  Unlike many others, I can't quite seem to get excited about either bun bo hue or bun rieu. Since I had already found my favorites for pho, I decided to go on a side quest to find the best hu tieu.  The Pho winners for your reference: Overall Beef Pho: Pho Ha Noi Mainstream Beef Pho: Pho Y#1 Chicken Pho: Pho Kim Long  Dalat was notable for serving several hu tieu variations and I decided to stop by and try that and their other signature dish, com ga ro ti.   The place as many reviewers have commented has fairly horrible parking.  The parking spots devoted to the restaurant are crowded and tiny and also up on a curve.  I definitely didn't have the easiest time parking nor backing out.   The interior is very casual with almost a diner vibe.  Service is similarly casual.  I was told to sit anywhere I liked and it took a bit before I got a menu.  My selections: Hu Tieu Dac Biet - a generous bowl of clear wide vermicelli noodles is accompanied by several large shrimp, a crab claw, a few slices of fish cake and a few pork slices.  It's a good amount of toppings and I chose the wet version with the soup.  While I was happy with the size, I had to say the price ($10.95) is a bit on the high side.  Pho is so much cheaper albeit without seafood items and it's as high as overpriced ramen bowls. I'd agree with Derrick V's assessment that the soup stock tasted a tad manufactured.  I've also had hu tieu at several locations and particularly liked Nam Vang's and also Vung Tau's rendition.  Both their stocks tasted more authentic than the version here.  It wasn't bad here, but I'd be surprised if they make their stock from scratch. Com Ga Ro Ti - I was too full from the soup noodles but opted to try their chicken rice dish to go.  It's a bit of a simple item....essentially deep fried chicken, some lettuce and veggies and some stock rice.  While good, I didn't think it was too noteworthy.  $9.95. Overall, I enjoyed trying Dalat and although they are to be commended for featuring so many hu tieu versions, I do think there are better versions to be found in the area. Dalat accepts cash only."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim W.', '4', 'Hu Tieu. Get it dry. Add some of the soup it comes with on the side for moisture and some of their special brown soysaucey sauce for flavor.  Ingredients are all fresh and can you believe how big that prawn is that comes with it?? Not the cleanest or newest of restaurants (talking about the furniture) but you know what, sometimes those places have the best food :)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Victoria B.', '2', "After 34 years of going to Dalat Cafe we decided to go on Valentine's Day.  I hadn't been there in two years.  We absolutely loved their food. We started going when our daughter was 4.  We've enjoyed going throughout the years and every time, the food was beyond compare.  The owners kids grew up in the restaurant. Our family grew as well. Our 4 daughters and we would go there at least every other month or more. The last 15 years we moved to Santa Cruz and didn't get to frequent it as much. But every time we went the owners would remember us and it truely was a delight.       Tonight we went and honestly it was such a disappointment.  There is new owners or management and the cooks do not even compare. The food had no flavor. The waiter was in such a hurry to get tables cleaned off. The atmosphere was really different.        I'm sorry to say we won't be back.  A legacy has disappeared.  I don't think they will continue on like the previous owners.        But we will have our great memories from the 35 years we frequented the awesome Dalat Cafe."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'A P.', '5', 'Friendly staff and quick service. Not to mention, their noodles are delicious! Yum! I always come here to satisfy my noodle cravings :3 Highly recommended!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'John N.', '4', "Stayed at an airbnb across the street and grabbed lunch here and shared the beef pho with my gf. A little pricier than I'm accustomed to in San Diego but the portion size was large. They even brought out an extra bowl for us to share! The service was on point. The pho was good. Saw a sign for buy 1 get 1 beer for 1 penny!?"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ned N.', '5', 'Great hu tieu da lat dac biet. Always order it without broth!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Susan M.', '2', "This place used to be my favorite place for hu tieu kho (rice noodle dish dry), however last time I came, the quality was just not as great as it was before. I was expecting it to be as delicious as always, however I left disappointed. Not sure I'll be coming back here as the prices are definitely a lot higher than other places for this type of food, but I came here because they made it the best. Doesn't seem like the quality is all there now though. I spoke to my parents about it since they recently visited this place again too and they totally agreed. I wonder if management or like kitchen staff changed?? It's a shame because I really liked this place!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Emily S.', '3', "Stop by for breakfast, because we see some good pictures and review. When we first arrived, it was quite, maybe people are still sleeping since it was Saturday. Got a seat and ordered two bowls of noodle. My fiancé order was wrong, he order beef noodle soup, came out Hue Tian. Whatever! Overall, we didn't think that the food taste good, the soup is kind of plain. Fried dough was cold, instead of warm.  After we finished, we wanted to ask for a check but no one really coming around so we had to wait for a little while. Overall, it was just ok!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristina N.', '5', 'BBQ spring rolls, 47 dry & a Thai jelly drink.  My favorite restaurant of all time, if I could only eat at one place for the rest of my life it would definitely be at Dalat.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda Y.', '5', "My favorite pho place EVER!  One of my close gf's took me here for the first time about 3 years ago and ever since then I've been hooked. guilty~ I always get #47- seafood/ meat combo with jumbo shrimp and I get it 'wet' cuz I think it tastes better that way. (you have an option) w/ soup or soup on the side ;)  and as for the fired egg rolls?! They're probably the best I've ever tasted in all the a pho places I've been too... hang over cure goodness?! ^^"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jan P.', '5', "This place is one of the few San Jose restaurant icons still in operation and for good reason. Family owned and operated, it is in a bit of a questionable area that gets quite dark at night, but street parking abounds. It is also on a random corner somewhere near SJSU that you can't quite remember so always have to look up (9th & William).  Though the menu is expansive, their specialties are items in the forties to #52 -- their hu tieu noodles either dry or wet (with soup) and with the option of clear or rice noodles. The bowls range from $8-$13 depending on size, but just about all of them come with plenty of pork, steamed pork loaf, a giant shrimp, and a crab claw in a deliciously simple but robust garlicky clear broth. The prices have risen a bit over the years, but a regular bowl of noodle soup is full of noodles and meat, so will definitely fill you up. Given the quality and quantity, I think the pricing is appropriate. I'm not a huge fan of this particular noodle soup, but Dalat is the only place where I'll actually order hu tieu...and love it. Service is so-so unless you're a regular and it's cash only. The place can get really packed on the weekends (and kind of dirty, so wipe down before using utensils!), but this is a testament to how delicious the noodle soup is. The patrons are typically mostly Vietnamese (who order the seafood based noodle soup), but regulars range from students to neighbors from all ethnic backgrounds.  Help keep this restaurant alive!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katherine L.', '5', "STILL my favorite place for hu tieu, after 20+ years!! Under new ownership (still mom-pops), this place has cleaned up a little and now accepts card. The restaurant itself hasn't been remodeled since I could ever remember so it looks a little outdated but no more than any other Vietnamese restaurant. The food is still the same great quality, I'm definitely going to be a lifer here, lol.  Awesome hu tieu, whether you get it wet or dry, rice noodles or clear noodles. The broth for the hu tieu is AMAZING. Although I usually order mine dry, the broth I get on the side that comes with the order is like no other. It is a perfectly clear broth that is rich in flavor and just so good. The portions are decent, if not large. No other place in the Bay makes hu tieu like Da Lat.  The other menu options, of which there are many i.e. rice plates, tom kho tau, etc., are good, too. Kids now also receive complimentary ice cream after their meals, which is always a good thing.  DEFINITELY a must eat if you're looking for awesome Vietnamese food."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle L.', '3', 'I\'ve only tried one dish here which isn\'t what they\'re known for, so I guess I\'m still missing out on the "good stuff" until I return to try more of their menu.  I was feelin\' a riceplate so my BF suggested the fried chicken with rice, with a fried egg of course.  I didn\'t even see fried chicken on the menu but I guess it\'s something you can request.  But when you ask for fried chicken, they give you a whole freakn\' chicken!  So if you ever order this, it might be a good idea to share with someone.   The chicken was cooked really well though.  Crispy skin (mmm...) and tender on the inside.  Would have been perfect with garlic rice.   Service could have been better.  We needed to ask refills for our waters a couple times. Seems like an OK place but I guess I can\'t really judge it til I try what everyone else is raving about which are the soups.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Val V.', '5', "I always get #48 with white and yellow noodles. Super good, and addicting.  Typical Asian noodle spot, but I'd have to say the staff is actually more pleasant than the usual.  It is a bit pricy, but you are paying for seafood.  For a family of 4 we usually pay around $50.  You must try! You will not be disappointed."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda L.', '3', "3.5 stars. I use to LOOOOVE this place but recently found out it changed ownership. It's just not as good as it once was but still decent. They use to load their famous hu tieu dai da lat kho/nuoc like crazy, now you get two slices of each meat and they don't even bother topping it off with onions and chives (which is my favorite!!!). I'm really sensitive to msg and before I didn't have any problems gulping down the soup and after today I started getting this nasty after taste lingering on my tongue and my back started tensing up. So sad to see this place change :/."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristine L.', '5', "My favorite hu tieu and Vietnamese restaurant. I always get the hu tieu soup with no onions but everything else I've tried here has been really good too. Service has definitely improved since it came under new ownership. I go here at least once a week!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kiwi T.', '5', "My husband and I go to this place at least 2 times a month for their dry noodles. So delicious. This place gets crowded on weekends but not so crowded that you have to wait too long. Noodle dishes and rice plates are generous portion. My husband gets mad at me bc I never finish my food here. Well it's just way too much they give you. Which is a good thing for all you big eaters. Parking can be a pain so be warned."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jackie C.', '5', "Need new update! Am totally in loveee with their dry Hu Tieu!! (#46, soft noodle). I don't even care about the lack of parking, decor, etc. the food here is always consistent and fantastic! I have been here 4+ since my last review.  If I ever had guests from out of town that ever came to visit, hands down one of the first places that I would gladly take them to is here. The deliciousness factor is too noteworthy"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Slim S.', '4', 'My best friend and I came here on New Year\'s Day for some hearty, hungover pho. We had to wait about 20 minutes to get sat but then we had a big table in the back all to ourselves.  It was my first time here, so while waiting at the front I asked this girl what she was eating because it looked really good. She said it was the "Dalat Special" and that\'s what she always ordered. It came with rice noodles, shrimp, and pork and chicken slices. I had to order that and man was it good! We also had the friend spring rolls and a couple of Vietnamese iced coffees.  Everything was tasty and really hit the spot. Except that after I put in the jalapeños and sriracha in my soup I could feel my poor stomach all turned in knots. That was my fault though. Take heed: don\'t spice up your food too much with a hangover!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'VICTORIA L.', '4', "Friend referred us here for lunch.. We tried the WonTons with sweet chili sauce!! So good. The fried chicken with fried yellow rice was delicious.  The owners were so hospitable in helping my spouse who is in a wheelchair.. They even walked us to our SUV and the gentleman put my hubby's wheelchair in for us. Will definitely eat here again. Nice people are rare to find these days."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Norman S.', '3', "So-so food plus sketchy location means Dalat gets 3-stars. Worth a visit if you're dying for soup noodles or pho and are in neighborhood but not worth the trip and parking hassles otherwise. After reading some of the 5-star reviews, I figured I had to try this place. Getting there on a Sunday afternoon, parking wasn't an issue since there was plenty on the nearby streets and also a small lot next to the restaurant. The neighborhood is sketchy though so be warned.  Restaurant is packed when I get there so that meant a 5 minute wait. Pretty standard for most pho places. They have braised duck egg noodles on the menu and since it's uncommon to find this dish, I jumped at it. Also had the Vietnamese coffee. Coffee shows up but it's iced. What? I ordered the hot version. The lady takes it away with no fuss and brings the correct order in a minute. Coffee is a bit disappointing in that they don't serve it with the traditional Vietnamese drip device. Tastes comparable though with the thick, rich, chocolatey and sweet flavors. Not the best, but it'll do.  Braised duck egg noodles. Large bowl of egg noodles and 3 pretty substantial pieces of braised duck along with green onions, sliced onions, bok choi, cilantro. First the good. Noodles are nicely cooked al dente i.e., Hong Kong style firm. Duck is cooked until it's fall off the bone tender. Bok choi is a nice touch instead of boring broccoli like many pho places. Bad: Broth is bland and uninteresting. Has a MSG flavor to it. Despite being braised and cooked until tender, the duck is bland. Maybe cooked TOO long?  The other issue is the price. The duck noodles are almost $10 and coffee is $3. A bit high for the quality. All considered, Dalat's average food quality, highish prices and sketchy location mean it's 3-stars."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny L.', '3', "Their hu tieu kho is delicious!!!  But that's the only thing I'd eat here.  They could give you a little bit more clear noodles though considering they priced it at $13.  Friend ordered the beef, chicken and shrimp fried noodles and it was bland and came with pork (which he didn't eat) and shrimp.  No beef.  No chicken.   When we told the waitress, she brought it back to the kitchen and came back out with the same plate with the pork picked out!!!   Cash only.  Or they have a little atm in the corner if you forget to bring your cash."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tien N.', '4', "This is my go to spot after a night of drinking, along with other places. Coming from a vietnamese background, I know what good pho/asian style noodles should taste.  I always get the Cambodian style noodle. Always made fresh and the aroma of it was amazing. They have a lot of meats and seafood in it which was great. Service: it's a vietnamese owned places so you have to ask for what you want. Which is expected.  Advice: if you go later in the afternoon  they runout of the Chinese donuts you can put in the broth."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'J K.', '4', "It's was the most amazing and delicious Vietnamese find in San Jose.  Not only was the food out of the world delicious, our favorite server and manager from Vung Tau of many years were there... It just shows that they stand by the restaurant!  We orders #46, #48 and the squid salad. Other than the usual fried calamari, we would not order squid dishes, all three items we ordered were just beyond flavorful and tasty!  On top of it all, it was buy one beer get one free.  We will definitely come back and bring friends & family to try the rest of the items on their menu!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sarah S.', '3', 'I tried #47 jumbo shrimp noodle soup with thai iced tea. clean taste in the soup was good. Although this place needs improvement in sanitary standards. I saw so many flies and employees did not do anything.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica P.', '3', "My favorite go to spot for a Vietnamese Hu Tieu fix.  Reminds me of my moms home cooking.   I love the chewy clear noodles and the jumbo shrimp (liking it BIG).  I would have given it a 4 or 5 star but the place isn't as clean and the servers aren't as pleasant.  Regardless, that doesn't stop me."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hang T.', '5', "This place always make me nostalgic for the days of my past.  I used to go here back during my elementary school days with my parents and my brothers. It was our normal Sunday morning routine. Breakfast/lunch was all about the egg noodle soup at Dalat. However, as the prices started going up, my visits here became less and less and soon we would stop altogether. For years, I didn't remember name of this place or where it was located, but I could still vividly remember the huge shrimp and the sweet special sauce that made the noodle soup at Dalat special. It was not until I was in my late teens that I started exploring San Jose and found this place again. Even as an adult, the food hasn't changed one bit. The prices have gone up, but that's understandable. The shrimp are still big, the noodles are still yummy, and that brown sauce at the bottom of the bowl is still unique to this place. I have not found another place with an egg noodle soup that is better than the one here. For me, this place is one of the best hole-in-the wall restaurants around and with every bite, I get a little bit of my childhood back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Charice S.', '5', 'Yumm authentic noodle soup egg noodle with seafood is so yummy. No parking tho']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'To N.', '5', "Hu tieu here has the quality that will make you come back again and again. There are many ways to customize their signature dish. You can order it dry or wet with soup in the noodles or on the side. You can choose chewy noodles or soft rice noodles. Make sure you ask for the extra sauce. Bean sprouts can also be raw or flash cooked under boiling water. It's my first time here but I'll be bringing others here."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Philana C.', '3', "Dalat is definitely a hole in the wall restaurant as it gets pretty packed. I came here with a few coworkers on a weekday for lunch. I had the #47 (Hu Tieu Da Lat), which came with slices of pork, jumbo shrimp, crab claw, and fish cake with clear glass noodles and soup on the side. It also comes with a special sauce to mix with the noodles. I think the sauce is a mixture between soy sauce and hoisin sauce, but I could be wrong. I guess I wasn't a big fan of the sauce as it was a bit sweeter than I had imagined. The noodles are chewy and the meats are tender. The broth on the side was flavorful. Portions are pretty big, in my opinion. However, I think I'm a bigger fan of Vung Tau's than Dalat's, sadly. :("]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Fan T.', '1', "This review is based on their fraudulent charges. A friend and I went there and paid with a debit card. We didn't know and accidentally set a tip lower than we anticipated and we caught it when we got the receipt back so we wanted to just leave some cash to make up for it, they said they would cancel the charge and we could charge again so we did. A few minutes later we notice on the banking app that both charges are there. They said the first charge (incorrect one) will disappear in a couple days since it was cancelled. Nope, it stayed. We went back and asked they said they would take care of it next week as it's the weekend and the card company is closed. Doesn't seem accurate since I call my bank all the time on the weekend but we said okay. Fast forward a couple weeks, get our statement and it's still there. Lying about the cancellation and lying again to remove it is horrid. If you go, do not use a debit or credit card. If you do, be prepared to call your card company and report it if they double charge you."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Denisse H.', '5', 'I love this place the best in San Jose. I always order #48 is super bomb I totally recommended this place.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nadia L.', '4', "Seriously best FRIED CHICKEN I've had in a while. OMG while I know this place is known for their noodles, their fried chicken plate was amazing! I loved how crispy it is and yet super moist in the middle. Dip it into the sauce, eat it with some vegetables and mmm...amazing! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The noodles were great as well! I had their signature and loved that it came with a giant jumbo shrimp and a crab claw and other goodies. Their broth was also extremely tasty. Service is also quick and efficient and I love that I'm not waiting forever for my food.  Parking can be a pain but since we came on a Sunday, we were able to find parking in the neighborhood since the normal rules don't apply on Sunday and holidays.  Regardless of parking, I'll be back! Especially when I'm craving amazing fried chicken."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Timothy L.', '5', 'Excellent food all around. We use to come here during our college years many times before. The price is still reasonable and the food, again, was excellent. The staff was prompt and responsive, and their service was fast. We would definitely recommend this to anyone. Five out of five.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Long C.', '4', '46 and 51, dont remember what they were (some variation of their hi tieu), dried w/ soup on side, OMG delicious, 2 giant prawns in each bowl and a crab claw. contrary to what some yelpers reported, i dont think they use msg, didnt get that craving for water that i usually get after consuming msg.  the guy waiter, doesnt look friendly at all, but boy was i wrong, friendly and even taught us newbies how to properly eat/drink the side of soup along w/ the noodles and the side of dipping/flavoring sauce.  decor looks like the diner from terminator 2, very retro and old/other worldly, definitely a cool place that stands still in time. my only gripe is the price, 12 and 13 dollars each bowl respectively, it is understandable though (a little bit) given that it was stocked full of seafood in each bowl (there was also calamari, fish cake, and some other stuff).  will definitely be back to try other things, i think one yelper said i can point to something at random on their menu and it will be good, i will do that next time']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anna C.', '5', "The special dalat noodle soup with jumbo shrimp is my all time favorite. My boyfriend took me here for the first time and ever since then I couldn't stop talking about it. The dalat noodle comes in a dry noodle with soup on the side. The meat and seafood comes together well. Will definitely come back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Boo B.', '2', "2 stars for the food, 0 stars for the price. We use to love eating here but they just started raising their prices dramatically. Come here if you want to spend $30 for two bowls of Hu Tieu.. And that's just for pick up. Watch out for the old man when you pay. He'll nickel and dime you. We order the same thing every time but each time he asks for different amount, which is ridiculous. Bye bye Da Lat, I'll take my hard earned $ else where."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joanne Y.', '4', "I forgot what the name of the menu item I ordered but it had rice noodle with seafood and I believe pork or chicken? The broth was delicious. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the shrimp were HUGE and delicious. For an Asian establishment, I expected them to be skimpy on the ingredients but my bowl was heaping full of each ingredient. The service was friendly. The only downside was the wait time. It was really crowded but that's just a sign of a good restaurant. I will definitely be coming back!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amoli P.', '3', "Pretty solid Vietnamese noodles place in San Jose.  Given that the reviews of other nearby Vietnamese places were much lower and described as dumpier, I'm very worried what they must look like.  Dalat is not pretty, but it's clean enough.  And the menu is large and full of authentic variety.  Nursing a hangover after a wedding downtown, I opted for the #47 - shrimp and crab noodle soup.  The crab claw was huge and the shrimp was giant and great quality.  Very tasty broth without being overly salty.  Not oily at all.  The jalapenos were a bit wilted and old looking, but the noodles were the perfect consistency.  The regular sized bowl was more than enough food but the #48 is the same thing (only larger) if you want leftovers.  I opted for no chicken, so they are able to make adjustments if needed."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nicole S.', '3', "-2 stars for scamming customers !! WARNING !! Overcharging on bill!! I've had a feeling they've overcharged me before & just verified it with last visit. It's the old man working the register who sometimes doesn't even give you the bill to see.   Mine was an overcharge of about $5 (yes, that's after tax is calculated). Pay attention to the prices or even write them down like I did. Tell them they overcharged or make sure you don't leave tip!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Simone L.', '5', "Eat your pho dry. The broth is phenomenal - yes on the side, but you'll still drink every drop. The fried shrimp, fried pancake with seafood, rice porridge, egg rolls - it's nearly impossible not to stuff yourself silly. Everything's delicious, and the happy hour special on beer makes it a must. We've tried A ton of pho in San Jose, and this is by far our fave. Always packed solid for lunch and dinner - for good reason! A hidden gem that musn't be missed!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cal C.', '5', 'My friend recommended that I come here and get the #47 .. it was delicious! Combo pho with crab meat, chicken and jumbo prawns. The owner was very friendly and already knew to recommend me that as well. The broth was very simple... and my parents, who visited Vietnam 6mo ago, confirmed that this is the same stuff they had in Vietnam! This place is legit :)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew N.', '3', "Been coming here since 2004. The food is very good but it can be pricey. However, they recently have new owners and the quality and consistence that I have known and love has gone down to. The price has gone up even more and they don't treat their loyal customers such as myself like family."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Janet P.', '5', 'This place never gets old. I love their Hu Tieu Dai Da Lat Dac Biet (large Clear noodle soup with jumbo prawns, crabs and porks). My absolute favorite! They recognize me everytime.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Misha T.', '4', "Better hu tieu than creasian and really great cha gio.  I'd be excited to go back there."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Y Y.', '5', "Went there today and last time I went was 10 years ago! Ordered my old fav and their specialty dry hu tieu--thank goodness, it looked and tasted the same as 10 years ago, it is just delicious!! I can eat it everyday!! It's a lil bit of drive for me now, but I would drive there anytime when I crave for hu tieu!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jen N.', '5', "I love love love this restaurant. It's been around for as long as I can remember...and even for as long as my mom can remember lol.  This is a major hole in the wall...but let's be honest, the best restaurants are the hole in the walls. They are known for having the best hu tieu around for a reason! I am obsessed with the hu tieu nam vang with clear noodles. They're a little bit more pricey than most places but their portions are huge and they give you a good meat to noodles ratio. Oh and their bo vien is also very tasty so you should definitely order an extra side of that. Also like most Vietnamese restaurants, it's CASH ONLY!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lo N.', '5', "The best hu tieu dai kho I have ever had. Love that they give you a good portion of meats and etc.... I hate shady place but this spot I've been to a few times and everytime my hu tieu is on point!!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brian D.', '3', 'Went downtown to meet at the italian Cafe with a couple of my fellow seminary grads...Walked over to this place with one of them for a healthier bite than the Italian cafe...Had one piece of catfish,(a little dry from the heat lamp but otherwise good!) then some broccoli and beef as a side dish,(which was quite good.) to go with my grilled pork sandwich,(which was below average I would say in portion and quality). Odd because the sandwich menu was exhaustive and yet the poorest in flavor and veggies I think I ever had in a Vietnamese place. The Side dishes from the hot plate bar made up for it!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'James L.', '5', "Da lat it a lot! HU TIEU! Nothing else! Just order this with soup on the side and it'll take u to food heaven for 10 minutes!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tam D.', '5', "I have been going here with my parents since I was a little toddler. Whenever I am in the area, I always make an effort to stop by. The food is absolutely delicious and I always get the Hu Tieu Da Lat Kho special. I like both the rice noodle and the clear noodle. It's been over 20 something years, the place still looks the same, and the quality of the food has always been superb!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Heather K.', '5', "I used to go to this dirty little noodle house on First Street for Pho until I discovered Dalat! The best Pho I have had!  Steven the owner is awesome.  I don't even have to look at the menu, because he makes me a special Pho with everything that I like and he always remembers my order.  The shrimp that they put into their Pho is not just shrimp, but JUMBO prawns and a lot of them!  They also use fresh crab claws, no imitation crab, which I love. I prefer the rice noodles, but have had the egg noodles, both are good, just depends on your preference. The Butterflied Shrimp appetizer and the Vietnamese Deep Fried Spring Rolls are so yummy.  Again, the shrimp are not just shrimp, but are buterflied prawns and they are huge.  The Spring Rolls are delicious and they serve them piping hot with cilantro sprigs and lettuce that you wrap around your spring roll and then dip into the most delicious springroll sauce.  Both dishes have plenty of food and could serve a small army....so go hungry."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gabriel C.', '2', 'Review for visit in August 2012: Will not be returning anytime in the near future. Egg noodle house special with jumbo shrimp and crab claw dish was a definite miss. This came as a surprise since this place seems to be a hit with many of my friends who are regular patrons. Noodles - Slightly undercooked, but no in an "al dente" fashion. Broth - Lacking in a full and complete flavor, more similar to a salted water broth. Crab claw - Cooked to the right texture, but slightly lacking in seasoning. Jumbo shrimp - Overcooked, but understandable (see below) I attribue the two overcooked jumbo shrimp as a result of our larger party (8 of us) and the kitchen working to bring out all the main dishes at the same time.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wayne P.', '5', 'Been coming here for years. There Hu Tieu is great. Also there beef pho is very good. Wayne']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle O.', '4', "If I'm craving hu tieu, this is the place to go! The broth tastes very clean and I love the amount of seafood that's given in each bowl."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy C.', '3', "We came here because of the good rating at Yelp but I really don't think it's that good. The soup has no flavor, the shrimp taste just so so...and I really don't think it worth that much money. I really think Nam Vang Restaurant has the better hu tieu ."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nick D.', '1', 'Lets start off I have been to the rural of China. This is by far the dirtiest restaurant I have ever been to in my life (at least for what I am able to witness). Took me about 4 requests to get my water and by the time my table got the water, I was done with my food. Why 1 star? There were food particles flowing through every single cup of water on the table..not jus a few dots here and there..a LAYER of food particles in the bottom of the cups. I almost threw up and all the waitress said was sorry and gave us Togo cups of water..walked away like nothing happened. Never coming here again.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle V.', '5', "A hidden gem! DaLat holds a very special place in my heart. I've been going here since I was a little kid because my parents and the owners are close so it was like a traditional family Sunday brunch. I like the fact that the food and service here are very consistent and some of the workers here are still the same ones from when I first started coming here. The Hu Tieu here is the best  Hu Tieu I have ever had! Totally beats Hu Tieu at Nam Vang! Get the dry Hu Tieu with the famous sauce on the side. Mmmm. I'd recommend this place to all my friends and family members."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Aron M.', '5', 'Wow. If I could give 9 stars, I wouldn\'t. I would give 10!  This place is AMAZING. I knew right from the start it was legit. I rode w/ my coworker, Miguel. He drove. As we pulled in, I noticed the parking lot was a medley of ceramic tile and cement, indicating the owner dedicated his capital to the food & service instead. It\'s not even a real parking lot, its just a sidewalk. His savings paid off as I will explain later.  As we entered the restaurant, the owner was eating in the second empty table by himself. With a mouthful of food he exclaimed "********" which was something in vietnamese that only Miguel and other fellow Vietnamese folk could understand. I believe he said "Hey guys, sit anywhere you want. Welcome." Immediately, I felt welcomed.  I also noticed there were about 27 people there, 25 of which were vietnamese people. The other 2 were police officers, both of whom were white. They left tho, so it soon became ~96% vietnamese since I was the only non-vietnamese person there. You may be wondering why a person named Miguel is vietnamese. You would have to ask him that.  We both ordered the #45. The Dalat special w/ clear noodles and Jumbo Shrimp. Let me start off by saying that this description is a clear indication of what you will actually be receiving. The noodles are quite clear, and the shrimp is quite jumbo. We also ordered the Vietnamese pancake as an appetizer. I recommend ordering that fo sheezy.  If you go to San Jose State University, I highly recommend this place between classes. I went there for 4 years and I never knew about this place. It must be a clear indication of the lack of friends I had because how did I not know about this place. It\'s pretty dang close to the school.  I do have friends though, but only 3 are going to Wuji w/ me tomorrow.  I also recommend hitting up Barry\'s Backyard during the summers. Great food, great atmosphere, but the hottub is broken.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Girl O.', '5', "THE BEST house made pho in San Jose!!!! Any other soup is just not worthy! Started going here in 2006. No one makes soup like this place! Downtown San Jose's treasured secret. I'm thinking Franchise or Hollywood status. This soup beckons me that I would pay much more for it. It's a 5-star soup experience."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gordon C.', '5', "I use to come here after class since its only 2 blocks away from campus. Great little vietnamese restaurant with a variety of choices. I've only tried the Hu Tieu with rice noodles and soup on the side. It comes with a variety of tasty meats including fish cakes, jumbo prawns (they are huge), chicken, pork and they finish it off with a crab claw. The brown hoisin like sauce is da bomb and I dip that ish on everything. Also, the staff and waiters are very attentive and the service was excellent. Def. recommend this place for a quick lunch if you are around the campus."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex D.', '5', 'They are known for their, Hu Tieu Kho Dac Biet.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'H T.', '5', 'It is in a middle of nowhere, but it is clear why it is so crowed. Their seafood noodle soup (hu tieu) is the best one that I ever had, even better than one served by famous place in south east Asia.   Their prawn rice is just equally good !!. I tried both the noodle and the rice, and both are the best of the league.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kenneth O.', '5', "I love how it's located near the San Jose State University, even though I don't go there. After a day studying in MLK Library, I love going to Dalat Restaurant to eat some hieu tieu. Order it dry! Meaning having the soup separated from tr noodles, so you can customize it to your own likings. It's inexpensive. I just love drinking the broth. Served with jumbo claw of a crab. BEST SOUP IN THE CITY!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anna H.', '2', "Overpriced, horrible parking and customer service. Took 30 mins to seat us and after we ordered, they made me switch tables after taking forever to even give us the menu.  Their flavoring for their hu tieu kho is alright but definitely overhyped. Expensive for it's quality. Mi absorbs the sauce more so than the hu tieu dai. Wouldn't come back here again."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael L.', '3', 'Food was good. Restaurant had a strange smell that ruins the food. A bit overprice. Strange service as they keep forgetting things?']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julie N.', '5', "I used to come here every Sunday morning with my parents but we haven't dined here in nearly ten years. They've done quite well for themselves and are still hosting swarms of people on the weekends. At 11:30 on a Sunday morning, we were a little early so there wasn't much of a wait, but by the time we left about an hour later, there were at least five groups of 4 or more people standing outside waiting to be seated.  My parents and I each got the hu tieu dai dat lat (soup for me and my mom, dry for my dad), while my brother stuck with a rice plate. I was slightly confused over how the hu tieu was listed on the menu and the waitress wasn't very good at explaining it... but I think it costs more for clear noodles, and the most expensive options come with two crab claws and two jumbo shrimp. I really enjoyed my hu tieu but left behind 1/3 of the meat. There was just too much! The broth was delicious and you could really taste the natural soup base. The fried pork skin and garlic bits were nice too :)  Good food but I'm pretty sure the ~$10 for a bowl + the chaos of the restaurant + uneasy parking (BIG BOYS on the deck only!) will keep me from becoming a regular. I'll probably try to come back soon to try the regular egg noodles instead of the clear noodles."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana A.', '5', "I love it here it's just delicious I belive I get number 48 and add squid to it . Very delicious ! Pricier then lost pho places but it's worth it I love this place this pho place is def #life"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cyndy L.', '5', "When I go back home to S.Cali, I crave and wish we had a place like this in The Bolsa or any area in LA or OC.  The MUST get is the Hu Tieu DaLat Dac Biet kho with clear noodle. Soup on the side and extra sauce to drunken my noodle with the good sauce. So delicious!!! It's the clear noodle that I go crazy for when I have this dish.  They need to mail order or tell me where they get their clear noodles. Gottttta come back before I leave. :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Emily L.', '3', "#49 Cambodian style with soup is the bomb. That all I can say about that. I also tried the fried chicken during lunch. It was a huge portion. I only ate half of the entire plate. The chicken is a little salty but super crispy and it's not dry at all. It's naturally flavored and deep fried awesomeness."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffany H.', '3', "First off I would like to say the food is good if not great, but the service really effing sucks! Like hello, can you please SMILE or say YOU WELCOME. Is that to much to ask for?  Okay, on to the positive stuff. Their Hu Tieu Kho is pretty good and flavorful. They give you a lot of meat and noodles for the price you're paying. My go to meal usually is the Shaken Beef (Com Bo Luc Lac). It's pretty good, I love the red rice it's perfectly flavored!!! I could probably eat the red rice with just about anything. The beef they give you isn't very flavorful, but they give you a lot of it! So if you like beef com bo luc lac is the way to go. The lack of flavor in the meat with the perfectly seasoned rice is ecstasy in my mouth. It would be great if both the meat and the rice were seasoned well, but you can't always have it your way.  The service over many years has always SUCKED, but their food since I was a little girl has been consistent and the same. I'm sure it is a family business, that's why the service sucks throughout all these years and the food Is steal good and the same. I guess, with an Asian restaurant you rarely get good service and good food.  SERVICE -1 STAR FOOD 4 1/2 STARS One more thing they do not accept credit cards!!! So remember to bring cash when you come here!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Janet N.', '4', "This place has been around before I was born! My family personally knows the family that owns the place and they make sure to make our orders perfect for us every ... freaken ... dang time- along with superb service I must add. *Don't expect some fancy shmancy shindig when you come here though, they've cleaned QUITE a bit from the last time- let the food do the talking. My father and I came here, but as usual I let him order for me. Feelings of my young childhood seered over reality. We ordered the Hu Tieu clear, with soup already mixed in the dish- the dry version is really good too though! What I like most about this place is that they are fresh, give a reasonable portion and my absolute favorite ... they give you 2 jumbo shrimp, at least 10 pieces of fish cake slices, a crab claw and chicken slices MMM MMM MMMM! And to top it off I had a side of Young Coconut juice, if this meal did not make me feel younger or satisfied I would've stopped. AMAZINGLY, I finished my gargantuan bowl and left blissfully. P.S. Da Lat is a beautiful place to visit in Vietnam : )"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jamie T.', '3', 'pretty expensive for a place like this but I guess its the jumbo shrimp? $12 for bowl with more shrimp? The beef balls here are surprisingly very good. I had the special with rice noodle small - would go back if I were in the area for comfort food.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana L.', '5', "Whoa!! Yup, that's right. Hu tieu DaLat (dry) is full of flavor and goodness all in one bowl. It's SO good!  I think it's the best I've had in SJ. To me, way better than Nam Vang. Nam Vang is a bit too greasy for me, but Dalat is perfect!  I always get it dry and add a few spoons of the broth they give you.   5 stars for the food! I would minus 1 star for dirty interior, but the food makes up for it.  And what's up with all the weird mis matched wall decor though?"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sean J.', '3', "Love the food but the service sucks. I've been coming here since I was 10 and the Hu Tieu Dalat Dac Biet still taste the same after all these years. The only difference is the bowls gotten smaller and the prices gone up. My craving for good noodles and other Viet dishes keeps me coming back. Most Viet places services are horribles. Not sure why? Well food is most important to me."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle V.', '5', "The BEST Hu Tieu (nuoc) I've ever had! I ordered the Shrimp Hu Tieu noodle soup and boy was I tickled, excited and pleasured when it came out! The prawns in my soup were GINORMOUS! The little crab claw in it was delish as well. Now let's talk about what made it so orgasmic: the BROTH! OMFG!!! The flavor was just made to perfection. I ordered my self a Che Thai (dessert) and while my soup bowl was almost empty...there was still broth left over in it. I ditched my dessert halfway through it and slurped down a few more spoonfuls of the delicious broth. Definitely my go-to spot now for delicious Vietnamese soup."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ash Y.', '2', 'I\'d say their pho is pretty inexpensive so I regret not ordering that. I ordered their crushed rice w/ pork chop, egg cake, and shredded pork. Was super expensive. I paid $14 including tip. I normally wouldn\'t mind if it wasn\'t for the fact that it wasn\'t worth it. Service was mediocre. When we walked in, a man just looked at us when I held my hand up indicating two. I said to myself, "Okay, I\'ll just seat myself then...".  When seated, my boyfriend and I couldn\'t help but notice how everyone around us were all Mexican. I found this hilarious. Sorry. Haha. So on to the food. The pork chop was horribly dry and got stuck in my throat. I had to wash it down with water. The egg cake, parts of it was dry while other parts were moist. And the crushed rice was just as dry. Was like eating tiny rat pellets. Oh my gawd. Not coming back here. I tipped $1 while my bf chipped in $2. I wish he only left $1 or maybe even zero \'cause there was no service whatsoever seeing as how all the servers were at the front of the restaurant the whole time...sitting around.  Also, it\'s cash only and their atm charges $2.25 fee. Ugh...not coming back, ever.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mel P.', '5', 'This Place is Definitely a Hidden Gem!! Prob The Best Noodle Soup Ive ever Had!! #48 [w Clear Noodles Please]']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle Q.', '4', "Dalat is the reason I gained 10 pounds in college. Not because I ate here so often, but because it made me realize that San Jose has AMAZING food.  Dalat is this rinky dink, run down restaurant tucked away in a quiet neighborhood just minutes away from SJSU. After driving through 2 hours worth of traffic from Santa Cruz, I was convinced that there was no way this place was going to be worth it (and equally convinced that I would probably see roaches or rats scurrying about). But we'd driven all that way so we decided to follow my friend's advice and sit down to enjoy a bowl of their infamous clear noodle soup.  The Hu Tieu was incredible. The broth was super flavorful and garlicky (made all the more garlicky by all the crispy garlic chips in the soup) and the noodles were nicely chewy. They were also ridiculously generous with the seafood and meat they put in the soup. The shrimp were huge! Dalat definitely delivered. Now, whenever I see that a restaurant offers Hu Tieu with clear noodles, I order it. Always. It never measures up to Dalat, but Dalat definitely put me on a clear noodle kick.  The downside to this place is that it is located in kind of a sketchy area and parking is kind of confusing (they have a weird lot on the side of the building that's ON the sidewalk, so you have to jump the curb). Also service is not especially fast and they don't necessarily make a point of being nice. Oh and they only take cash.  Usually I would knock down more stars for the aforementioned cons, but, very simply, I am in love with Dalat's noodles and am definitely a Hu Tieu convert."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'linda L.', '5', '#41 my favorite!  Chicken Broth with Clear oodles :)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin S.', '5', 'I have not found a place in the Bay that serves hu tieu the same way Dalat does. They fill the bowl with flat rice noodles, savory broth, and plenty of sliced meats and seafood. This is my absolute favorite Viet noodle spot in south bay.  Remember, like most viet spots cash only! Keto rating 0/5: unless you just drink the soup theres nothing keto friendly about this place :(']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie W.', '4', "I am not an expert on Vietnamese cuisine but I think that Datlat offers some good pho and bun.  The service is kind of a wild card but the food is always good and there's always a good amount of it. The only reason why I took a star away is because it is pricey-er than most other pho places. But I guess it's price you pay for quality food.  I would recommend this place to a friend =)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vinny H.', '4', 'We always come here for Hu Tieu Da Lat.  So far this is the best place for hu tieu kho (dry ones), I always asked for extra sauce which makes it even more tastier. The price is almost twice as much as other places for hu tieu, but probably because of their jumbo shrimp. Setting is ok. Service is not bad.  Not too much parking, we often have to park on the street.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Courtney L.', '5', 'I go here almost every Sunday without fail. My Dalat attendance is WAY higher than my church attendance and I can\'t quite bring myself to be ashamed of that. This is one of those places where you can just close your eyes and point to anything on the menu and know you made a good choice, which I have done more than a few times as I don\'t know much about vietnamese food. I go for their most popular dish, seafood soup with white noodle and it is so good that I find myself actually saying "Mmmmm" with every bite. I almost don\'t want to let other people know about this place as the restaurant is very small, but I guess I\'m willing to share since somehow, no matter how packed it gets, they never make you wait longer than 15 minutes for table.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kes D.', '4', "I love discovering other options for Vietnamese food besides pho. Their hu tieu sate rocked my world.  It was like the whole kitchen sink worth of vegetables (cucumber, lettuce, onions, peppers, tomatoes, cilantro) in bowl of delicious broth with noodles and beef, topped with crushed peanuts. Not that spicy, though.  My friend swears by their clear broth soup, which also seems to have a whole kitchen sink in it in terms of protein (chicken, shrimp, fishcake).  Their Bun is also fantastic and a *lot* of food. The only thing was that the beef was the cut you really have to gnaw on. But still delicious. I'm gonna crave that hu tieu sate forever. Pretty fast service for a noodle shop.   Cash only. Come here and get Da Lot of food. ;)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vũ L.', '1', 'The young waiter with short hair so terrible :(  he so impolite and put the menu so rude. Idont want to go here anymore']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Arnold T.', '4', "I find it humorous every Dalat lunch run most to all of the parking spaces available here are filled with really nice cars.  Nothing to the degree of a Lamborghini or anything, but usual status symbol luxury cars like Mercedes, BMW, and Lexus, all can be spotted here during lunch.  The location is on a corner and street parking will be advised since the parking may be a little difficult if you own a large car or truck.   They have an array of items from rice plates, noodle soups, and even a fried chicken plate.  I come here for the hu tieu.  This is probably one of the best shops I've had hu tieu from.  Pho is much more popular and many tend to confuse the two.  While, I've read hu tieu being called the cousin of pho, I much enjoy hu tieu more than pho.   Dalat makes some excellent hu tieu.  The broth is clear and has a lighter flavor in contrast to the heavily salty broth of the usual pho.  At Dalat I order the one with jumbo prawns (they're big).  You have an option to have the broth on the side, like a soup, or included in the bowl.  You may have to ask which way you want it, because the waiter or waitress will probably not ask you how you want it.   Either way, the hu tieu makes for an appetizing and filling lunch.  I prefer it wet (broth included inside) than dry (broth on the side).  When wet you can see how well the broth mixes with everything in your bowl.  When I want a break from pho, but still want a bowl a noodle soup.  Dalat is where it happens."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ha N.', '4', "I've heard about this place for awhile now from my boyfriend and have always wanted to try it. It's also his mom's favorite place to eat in San Jose. Apparently this place is known for their Hu Tieu (clear noodle soup) and you can get it either wet or dry. With the dry noodles, they bring the soup and sauce on the side where you can mix it in yourself, I hear a lot of people prefer the dry noodles over the wet noodles. My sister ordered the wet Hu Tieu and I noticed instead of the regular scrawny sized shrimp restaurants usually use they had jumbo shrimps, it also had a crab claw and squids. My sister really enjoyed it.  I'm actually not a fan of noodles (so un-Vietnamese, I know) and yes that means I'm not a big fan of pho *gasp* so instead of the hu tieu, I ordered the com ga roti (crispy chicken rice plate) with tomato rice. I was surprised when I got my plate, I was expecting a few chicken pieces instead I got a whole little free range chicken. The chicken was cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. It could have used a little bit more seasoning on the outside but besides that I really enjoyed my food.  One thing I must warn you about, don't order the soybean milk. It's a quarter milk and all sugar. Disgusting! Why do they attempt to make it? I rather just have a can of Yeo's soybean milk."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristine T.', '2', 'This place is not the same after they changed ownership. Same stuff on the menu but new owners has tweak the way they make their food here!! Their special sauce is not the same!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ivan U.', '4', 'Service? not that great. good thing i brought my own water.  But the food? pretty decent.  As many of the reviews say already about Dalat, get the #52 the Hu Tieu.  Its nice on a hot day if your craving noodles without the soup.  cash only']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lani T.', '4', "One of my go to places in San Jose. I love their dry hu tieu dac biet w clear noodles and xtra special sauce. Today we had their vermicelli bbq pork w salad bowl and hu tieu. But keep in mind its cash only. AtM available. Ambiance- in and out whole in the wall. Dont expect anything fancy. Old vinyl tables, dirty walls and mediocre customer service. Expect to order your meal after sitting down for a few minutes. They are fast and efficient. But it's the food that keeps them in business. Hu tieu dac biet- when you add the special sauce, hint of lemon and extra satay chilli sauce, you get a very flavoraful dish. The noodles are clear and chewy and goes well w the sauce as it picks it up. The crunch from the pork grinds give it the perfect cruntch. 5 stars for this dish in my book. $10.95 Vermacelli bbq pork rice noodles- lots of noodles, nicely marinated pork, variety of greens from mints to cilantro, lettuce and bean sprouts. Having the dish doust in the fish sauce and chilli gives it a great flavor. However the abundance in noodles can b overbearing. I've tasted better but its not bad for someone who has never tried it b4. 3.5 stars.  $9.95"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle G.', '4', "If you're like me and you like egg noodles I swear by #59 with soup on the side, it is SOOO good. Also on weekends they have chinese donuts. That broth can cure a hangover like no other."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thinh V.', '4', "This place is pretty good. The food is good and the service is not bad at all. I didn't find myself waiting for a table or the food either. My gf was the one that took me here for my first time and i like it. I came back and the experience was the same. The only thing you have to think about is the parking because its in downtown San Jose and parking is a bit hard to find. Other than that everything is good."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristen K.', '5', 'Have become a regular here almost every weekend. Their broth is so tasty and I can always rely on being served a delicious bowl of noodles.  Even the Chinese donuts are a must!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Truc N.', '4', 'a very good vietnamese restaurant in san jose downtown. casual setting. big menu. fresh ingredients.  buy 1 beer get 2nd beer free everyday!   the broth for soups i see it could be a lot better.  currently it is taste a lot like sugar sweetness. this is the area for improvement.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny N.', '5', "Best Hu Tieu in town! I love going to Dalat for hu tieu with my boyfriend, it's our favorite spot, it's definitely a hole in the wall, but the food is delicious. i always get the Dalat special, dry, with the chewy noodles!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Holly V.', '3', 'man.. i used to be a fan of this place when i was younger.  came here recently and the prices are raised ( $10 for a small bowl ) but im not gonna complain on that because it was good food and everything is rising. they kinda changed the sauce for the hu tieu day kho ( dried clear noodles) before it used to be liquidy.. now its like a thicker consistency with double the amount of sugar. dont get me wrong. this place is still good but just different']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Monica H.', '5', "My favorite Vietnamese girl  and I went here one Friday night to catch up over dinner.. I got the Fried Chicken. I seriously devoured the whole thing. It's the tastiest, juiciest Viestnamese Fried chicken i have ever had.... It came with a generous portion of white rice and some veggie salad.  The chicken is suuuper awesome dipped in the fish sauce + sriracha... FYI: i hate fish sauce. but i made an exception for this one.  My friend Linh ordered like a seafood pho.. OMG. the bowl was gigantic. Amazing taste.  The price... WONDERFULLY CHEAP. will definitely come back!!!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kioko O.', '4', 'If not for my co-worker, I\'d never knew about this place.  This place falls in the category of "hole in the wall".  But they sure serve delicious meals with good value!  When I dined there, I didn\'t see any but all asian folks!  Yep, this is a good sign, I\'m sure. They have just a few parking lot, and the rest is street parking.  It\'s cash only, although there is an ATM machine located inside the restaurant.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annette M.', '5', "We stopped by this place for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and I'm so glad my friend suggested it.  We loved it... the dry soup with the broth on the side is the way to go.  The noodles tasted fresh and the seafood in it was delicious!  It wasn't very busy when we went there and I'm glad.  I can imagine it gets busy because it's that good.  I'm trying to make an excuse to drive down to  San Jose and eat there again..   I love this noodle place, so happy we ate there."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christopher T.', '5', "Still the best. Hands down. Lately I've been trying their other dishes and so far about 4/5th's of them are good. Don't get the fried rice. Thats all. It's pretty lame. King of hu tieu and Nam Vung comes in a close second"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elaine V.', '5', "This little secluded restaurant has been hiding from me my whole life. My boyfriend and I found this gem last night after searching through endless pages of pho restaurants on yelp. My boyfriend loves hu tieu, so we decided to give it a try! I have to say, the staff/owners are super helpful. We had parked along the street that was apparently reserved for SJSU students only, and they were kind enough to let us know their parking options so we wouldn't get fined. (The street doesn't even have any signs restricting anyone else to park btw, be cautiou! The restaurant parking is along the front of the restaurant and also on the sidewalk.) Secondly, our waiter was the most helpful waiter I have ever met. He answered all of our questions patiently and explained the menu items to us which allowed us to make the right food decision! We decided to try the BBQ pork spring rolls, #48 dry and the wonton noodle soup. The BBQ pork spring rolls were delicious. The dipping sauce that came along with it was the perfect kind of spice and I absolutely loved it! I tried some of my boyfriend's dish and the sauce for that was amazing as well. The soup base for the wonton noodle soup along with the wontons are really good too. We also really loved the buy one beer, get one for a penny deal. Totally worth it. I think they just found themselves two regular customers :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'John-Michael C.', '4', "Its good! especially for that hangover.. nothing beats their dalat clear noodle special with jumbo shrimp! drool! and the fried chicken aint nothing to laugh at either... I dont know if it's the best like someone said... cough*nadia*cough.. but it's pretty damned good!  i'll be back! ;D"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sing M.', '4', 'Deep fried chicken, salad, fish sauce, rice, and soup.  Safe, satisfying, solid meal.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Manda Bear B.', '4', "************* REVIEW 168 **************** I've been coming to this restaurant when I was in grad school years ago. DA LAT is the place to come for HU TIEU KHO - Clear noodle with soup/broth on the side. It comes with a crab claw, a big prawn, slices of pork, chicken & fried Vietnamese ham; topping it off with chive, fried onion strings, cilantro. Serve with bean sprout, a wedge of lime, & chili. It's a simply beautiful & tasty bowl of noodle soup. I came back this week with mom after shopping for Dad's Day. Haven't been here for a while & the noodle soup is still as good as it gets."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vy N.', '5', "This is one of my favorite restaurants! I've been going here since I was little and it still taste the same. Hu Thieu Dalat is there specialty. Get it with the rice noodles and have the broth on the side (it taste way better). It comes with a jumbo prawn, crab, and different types of pork. I can't say enough how much I love this place. I've brought so many people here and they have all understood why I always crave for this soup. I live about 30 minutes from here and I will take the time to drive out to SJ just for this delicious soup.  The family who owns this spot are great. I'm such a regular that they know exactly what I want and how I like it."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Koi S.', '1', "ONE WORD: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO So on a Sunday morning waking up from a hangover I was craving for noodles and soup. So my sister suggested this place because their bowl of noodles have these BIG PRAWNS and REAL CRAB LEGS.  So by saying that she told me to look it up on yelp because they got some good rants and raves about how good their hu tieu is. So I looked it up, the pictures look good. The reviews sounds good, so why not. We drove all the down from OAKLAND to SAN JOSE apparently for this BOMB ASS HU TIEU in SAN JOSE!  So when I got there the appearance from outside looked like an Indian Restaurant.  Got inside the place looked like a DINER with the red booths..  The tables were dirty, the water they served was dirty. The old man who took our order was rude. He didn't even offer to get my daughter a high chair.  So when the food came, the soup looks decent like the picture. I thought i was going to sink my teeth, gums, and tongue into something sooo wildly raved about. OMG, the soup tastes like the packaged noodle soup.. There was so much MSG invested in that bowl of soup my mouth was craving for WATER. ( hence i couldn't drink their water because it was poorly filtered, luckily i brought my own)  This place is not worth the drive, nor the 50$ that we spent there for 3bowls of soup, 1 fried rice, and 2 thai teas. NEVER AGAIN..  STAY AWAY!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Carol C.', '5', "Dalat is my favorite place to eat bun bo hue (although their special noodles are pretty delicious too!) They are open early so early birds can get their fix. The food comes out pretty fast and the sizes are very generous!  The only thing I dislike is the fact that they close so early. If I could, I'd eat all my meals here. The food is soooooo good, I don't think I'd ever sick of it."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lien T.', '3', "My friend kept going on and on about how spectacular Dalat's Hu Tieu Kho was, so I let him take me here for lunch. It's a small diner-like restaurant located downtown. Their menu is filled with a huge variety of Vietnamese food--ranging from rice, soups, stir-fry dishes, and noodles. He ordered me Dalat's Hu Tieu Kho (Vietnamese rice noodle with soup on the side). It came with slices of pork, squid, a prawn, a small crab claw, and a side of bean sprouts and slices of lemon. It also came with a small bowl of some broth-like sauce that I poured into my larger bowl for taste. It was a little different from the traditional Hu Tieu that I usually eat but it was definitely yummy. The noodles were soft and chewy and everything was fresh.  My friend ordered the Com Ga Ro Ti (Roasted chicken with rice). I was too full to try it but it looked really good. I'll probably give it a try next time. The servers were quick on their feet and friendly. They forgot to bring out my veggies and broth-like sauce so my friend had to remind them. No biggie though...I'll still come back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'nancy w.', '1', "I've been going here as my lunch spot for years but the quality and portions have gone down while the prices have gone up.  It's by far the most expensive Vietnamese hole in the wall in the area and food is crap. Will not be going back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lily G.', '4', "I fell in love with my boyfriend due to the Hu Tieu here. I didn't know what it was, but oh yes now I know. Supposedly this is one of the oldest vietnamese places in SJ, if you can imagine such a thing.  Anyhow, you can read the other reviews to see what they put in here, but they don't skimp on the shrimp that's for sure, there are always at least 2 huge ones, although the quality of crab claw does vary, now that my garlicky seafood broth intoxication has worn off enough for me to observe a little more objectively. His cousin got some fried chicken and salad which was pretty good too. i'll also add, just for anyone who cares, I like the lemonade mix here, I know it shouldn't be hard but some places make it too sweet, you usually get your own soda to mix in, but the sweet and salt and lime mix is just right."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Scott P.', '5', 'Found my new regular pho place!  Great service and friendly people.  As soon as the bean sprouts and jalapenos arrived, we noticed how fresh everything looked.  In fact, never before had a pho place deliver such bright white bean sprouts before.  As soon as our pho arrived, it was visually far superior to other pho places.  Large shrimp, appetizing slices of beef and a crab claw.  With a dash of Sriracha I was ready to dig in; everything was great!  My crab claw was tasty and the shrimp were awesome.  Happily devoured my large bowl.  Sorry unnamed place on 1st St., I have switched over to Dalat!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim N.', '5', 'My favorite Hu Tieu ever. Get the Hu Tieu Da Lat, dry with extra sauce. Love the soup, the jumbo prawn, all the meat and the sauce. Always always hits the spot.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Charlie W.', '1', 'The food here is good but the service is horrible. The old guy who I assume is owner, constantly has a smug/ condescending look on his face. He does not say a word nor smiles when you order, pay and even leaving tips. If you hate people that much, you should switch I a different industry. Not coming back again due to the bad service.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sarah Y.', '5', "I tell my roommate I'm going to the gym when I eat here because I'm embarrassed that I go so often. I like to wash down the guilt with an order of hu tieu."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phil T.', '5', 'Traditional, honest, excellent Vietnamese food. Great pho, bun and spring rolls. Consistently delicious and reasonably priced.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Connie V.', '5', "Excellent service. We went there with two kids. Our oldest was sleeping on my husband's shoulder and the cashier offered to carry her for us. Broth was great. Glad we stopped in before heading home."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Miss M.', '2', "The reviews on here were pretty good so we thought we would check it out while in the area for a day. Everyone was pretty disappointed with their food. Poor quality ingredients and really lacked flavor. Wasn't terrible but we will definitely not be back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chi N.', '5', "This is my second favorite place for Hu Tieu. I've been going here since I was a kid and they have a wide variety of dishes that are prepared well. But I usually only come for the Hu Tieu Da Lat Kho (soup on the side). I like the rice noodles but a lot of people also like the clear vermicilli noodles. It's best to order this dish kho (dry with a bowl of soup on the side) because they add a sauce to the noodles which makes the dish stand out. I always get some extra sauce but be careful not to add too much of it.  The Hu Tieu comes with a huge prawn and other meats. The egg noodles (Mi) is also quite good. The broth is also very tasty.  It's a shabby joint but they whip up some great food here."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Billy T.', '5', 'This rating is purely based on two things on the whole menu. The fried chicken and the Hu Tieu (seafood noodle dish). My family has been coming here for years and I absolutely love it. Favorite vietnamese restaurant. The fried chicken is always beautiful cooked. The skin is crispy and delicious, the meat is great and the secret is to get the sauce and use it as a dipping sauce for the chicken. The combo is amazing. The sauce is kinda like soy sauce, but sweeter and just fantastic. The Hu Tieu comes with a succulent shrimp (one in small bowl and two in a large bowl), pieces of chicken and pork, and a crab claw. I get it dry and add the special sauce to it. Its freaking awesome.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'elisa h.', '5', 'Love the dry seafood noodles with soup on the side. Gigantic shrimp, crab claw, fish cake, lean pork/chicken along with the tasty dark sauce = complete yumminess. Best for hot summers and is always super fresh.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phillip H.', '1', "Went back 3 days ago as the request of the new owner  ( yes I know the owner from his last place of employment : Vũng Tàu Restaurant ).  The place looks cleaner ... food still tasted the same ... same kitchen staffs ... even saw the lady ( previous owner ) .  Price is very expensive for a local not so fancy restaurant.   I ordered a combination seafood noodles  (dry) h tíu dai đ bin đc bit $15 tax included.   Other dishes on the menus cost beaucoup too ... combination broken rice place around  $14 ....  way too much .... I don't think I will return anytime soon...sorry buddy ...."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nina P.', '4', "This is one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants!  I've been coming here since I was a little girl with my parents.  Our family loves the Dalat's Special Hu Tieu with Jumbo Shrimp with Clear Noodles (wet).  It's the best!  It's worth the $10 for noodle soup!  You get what you pay for!  It's the only thing I order everytime I come here.   Great cheap place for lunch or dinner!  Their service is pretty good too.  Just make sure you don't come during peak hours because it can be hard to find parking downtown."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nick N.', '5', "Just had to chime in here.  People complain that this place is pricey, then they declare that it's the best X they've ever had, with real crab and lots of meat. Let's be clear here- pricey is $1 more per bowl than competing places, and I think they're probably earning less per bowl than that place nearby that doesn't put real freaking crab claws in your soup. There's this perception everywhere that Vietnamese food ought to be cheap, because there are lots of cheap Vietnamese restaurants out there.  But the food here is indisputably great, with lots of high quality seafood.  If I can get a crave-worthy bowl of food for less than $10, that's cheap to me.  I'm happy to spend the extra dollar or two for something I'll love.   Haters ought to quit complaining about the extra dollar, or just eat at that three star place that is cheaper.  Seriously?"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lin Y.', '2', "I had the  Hu Tieu Da Lat that is raved about here on Yelp but I dont see what is so special about it. Yes it had jumbo shrimp in it but other than that, it tasted like any other average Vietnamese place's Hu Tieu. But whereas other places would charge at max $8 for a large bowl, this place charges $11. In addition, I did not have my water refilled even though I was making the slurping sound that happens when you deplete a drink with a straw. It was as if I wasnt even in the restaurant. Will not be coming back due to food being overpriced and a general lack of service"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lily T.', '5', "My favorite vietnamese restaurant!!!! I always get the Hu tieu dalat dat biet with a cup of che thai. Trust me, order those two items on the menu and you're set. You know the hu tieu is good when you're still sipping the soup after you've ate everything in the bowl!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Francesca B.', '5', 'My family & I we been buying the Hu Tieu Dac Biet  from Dalat Restaurant since my  childhood days in elementary school, and guess what?! The food still taste the same except for the prices on the food are so expensive now. Hands down the best place in San Jose for Hu Tieu noodle soup and the extra sauce on the side makes the Hu Tieu taste even better yuuuuummmmmmyyyy!   Cash Only Restaurant']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lisa N.', '5', "On the outside, its a place I would totally drive on by. Parking is terrible because theres barely any. The area is definitely sketchy, but don't let it fool you.  Get the mi da lat dry and it comes with a bowl of soup on the side. It's loaded with deliciousness including a prawns, crab claw, cha, and meat. A small bowl will fill you up for sure. A small is about $9.99 I'm guessing cuz we had two small bowls with tea for $20 not bad at all. I can't wait to come back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nadine G.', '5', 'My family loves coming here to eat the hi tieu. They are a very family oriented business and always make us feel very welcome. They have recently done some upgrades and the restaurant looks much nicer! They also now accept credit cards! Yay. So much more convenient!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Minh T.', '3', "Hu Tieu Da Lat...a lot going on in that bowl of noodles. It's comforting on a cold day but this isn't something I will ever crave."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kind N.', '5', 'I know this place more than 30 Years...wow times fly...I got remembered by my brother Kyle...He took me there from San Francisco to San Jose only for that soup bow of soup because he said ..very Yummy.. Yes.. my first day  to visit San Jose city ..My favorite noodle soup since then ...I only order 1 style.....Hu tieu Ba Nam Sa Dec with regular noodle  ...the reason I like this  style of soup because it has clean meat plus have 2 big shrimps and 1 crab leg.(-: trust me very Delicious soup....I .highly recommend this restaurant...(-:']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin T.', '3', "Interior is old and a bit dirty. Lots of choices on the menu, but went for #47 which was a rice noodle soup. I got it dry, which meant the soup is separately on the side. I loved how there was a crab claw and jumbo shrimp in the soup as well. Overall tasty, but the atmosphere and the servers made it not as comfortable. We were practically the only customers inside and yet we had to get up to ask for water and later for refills of water.  Great for a quick meal if you're craving soup though!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynn T.', '3', "Soup and Noodle are good! Jumbo prawns hit the spot!  But the restaurant really needs a major upgrade. I felt like I was eat good food in a hole in the wall spot. Grimy feeling. It was a turn off to see how worn down the restaurant is. But I see why people don't care bc of the food. Large portions."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy L.', '5', "I love this place - it's so close to sjsu that it's really convenient on those cold winter days to grab a bowl of hot noodle soup.  I've only ordered one thing all the times i've been there ... the hu tieu with the jumbo shrimp and crab. Now, from the outside .. this place looks not so wonderful, but once you step inside the aroma of the soup and the cleanliness of the place, completely makes up for it.  My friends have ordered rice plates and they said those are pretty good as well, but everytime I'm here - there's nothing more that I want than the hu tieu with soup.  I end up leaving satisfied each time and I've brought numerous friends here before and they leave happy, so it's definitely a MUST try!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Audrey C.', '4', "This place is so delicious. It was the first time I ever tried clear noodles with seafood and I instantly fell in love. You must try!!!! The reason why I'm giving it 4 stars not 5 is because of the hours. They aren't open very long only until 7:30 pm so I always end up missing coming here.  This place doesn't look like anything special, but the food here is a must try! The service is good, the food comes relatively fast and you are always served with enough water and tea!  Parking is a bit difficult too, the lot is very small so try to park on the street by this place :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Truc P.', '1', 'Never come back here for a cheap and dirty looking restaurant but the price is expensive. Just went here today and i feel so rip off compare to other vietnamese restaurant in town. I had hu tieu nam vang small size for 9 bucks and my husband had hu tieu dalat for 10.59 bucks and a coffee sua da for 4 bucks. Everything here look cheap and dirty , the food was just normal but the price is too much. They even charge me 1 dollar for hot tea like other places usually give it for free. Cant believe we had to pay 29 dollar for a simple viet breakfast.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lux L.', '5', 'still one of the best noodle house, they are not stingy with their meat. i got the large Hu Tieu with jumbo shrimp, portion was perfect. unlike some places when you order a large, they skimp on the meat. not this place, one of the many reason why i enjoyed being a repeat customer']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rebecca H.', '3', "I love the Hu Tieu Dalat.  I order the 46, dry with broth on the side.  That way you can mix up all the ingredients and then spoon some broth in, so it doesn't slosh all over you while you are eating.  The broth is slightly sweet.  I'm sure it's loaded with MSG, because I turn bright red, and remain flushed for about an hour after eating it.   The roasted chicken and rice dice is crunchy fried goodness.  It's worth ordering.  Get it. Almost 3 years after I wrote my last review, nothing has changed.  The bathrooms are skanky, and everything feels slightly sticky.   The tables, the chairs, it has a thin film of stick.   Other people have mentioned this, and it merits mentioning again.  I do think there are shennanigans with the bill.  Why do you not get the bill, but rather go up, the guy tells you how much you owe, and you never see the bill?  We ordered two bowls of soup, the fried chicken, a diet coke and hot tea.  I was able to briefly see the bill, and saw a few 1 dollar charges, when the only one should have been 1 dollar for the hot tea, once.  They brought the wrong drink to our table, I wonder if they charged us for that too.  Our lunch was about 35 dollars, which would have been right if the soups and chicken were all 10 dollars each, but they are not.  If more people demand to see their bill before they pay, and keep track of what you ordered and how much it cost, I think the possiblity of the owner scamming people will diminish.  I never leave a tip, because I'm convinced he overcharges when he totals the bill.  When we go again, I'm going to keep track of what we ordered and then ask to see the bill before I pay.  It's the only thing that leaves a bitter taste about Da Lat."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael P.', '4', "ate lunch there with some friends the other day. I didn't know what to order so i had my buddy order for me. He said it was one of their specialties, menu item #46. Forgot what it was called, but it was deeelishus! Another buddy ordered a fried chicken meal, and it looked tasty as well. the portions were decent. my friend's chicken plate looked like it could feed a family of 4! Anyways, the food was great, but the parking kinda sucks, especially during the weekdays, since it's near sjsu."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina F.', '4', "there is only one thing to get here (at least for me)... hu tieu dac biet w/clear noodles withOUT the broth.  the sauce that it comes with is so yummy.  although it was better 15 yrs ago... yeah yeah i'm old.  tip, ask for extra sauce on the side my husband got the pork chop with other stuff... it wasn't very good. the pork chop was small and extremely dry.  he's getting my dish next time.  although the chicken w/rice dish looked pretty good.  i think the chicken was fried, what more can i say? yum yum, give me some! note, cash only!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brian Y.', '3', 'The noodles are pretty good, gotta get the soup on the side! Soup with the noodle is just not the same. Only thing is that it is pretty pricy.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kenny P.', '4', "Actually just came back here tonight for Hu Tieu Dalat (with Jumbo shrimp).  Everything inside the restaurant was how I remembered it, and they were decently busy during the time we ate (6-6:45).  We got seated easily by the server and she gave us time to look for the menu before ordering.  Sometimes in turn n' burn Vietnamese restaurants, they can tend to rush you while your glancing at the menu.  This place isn't like that, and the atmosphere doesn't evoke it.   The Hu Tieu came out very quickly as you can expect from most Vietnamese restaurants and was nice and hot.  The broth was light and tasty, they give you plenty of bean sprouts, peppers, and lime to add to the broth/soup.  The price of a small bowl of Hu Tieu here can range from $7-10 depending on what stuff your getting, and they don't take credit.  The way I like to eat it is to put some bean sprouts in the broth, and then spoon some broth over the Hu Tieu and then mix around the noodles.  This helps to evenly disperse the sauce around the Hu Tieu.   This particular place has been here for 30 years or so and I found out tonight that one of our family friend is actually the cousin of one of the owners.  Pretty cool, especially since they make such good Hu Tieu."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Patrick C.', '4', "Broth is really good on their Hu Tieu...just that their pork is a bit on the chewy side.  Luckily I came with a friend because when he started to eat his crab claw...I couldn't find mines!  Why?  Cuz they didn't give me any!!  I immediately asked what was the deal and they happily gave me two crab claws.  Northern Vietnam cuisine style is always good if done right.  One thing they did right was their broth...I liked it because it had a bit sweetness to it and maybe because of that...I didn't taste any MSG (maybe they don't have it at all??)   It came with 2 huge shrimps which was delightful and tasty. All-in-all...I would come back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lily L.', '4', 'I tried the hu tieu in soup and wasn\'t a huge fan bc the soup was a tad on the sweet side for me.  But then I came again, determined to understand what the fuss was about, and tried it "dry" which comes with a bowl of soup on the side. This, I found, was the perfect balance. Dip it in the soup or slurp it up with the brown sauce.  Get it with the clear noodles (super chewy) and you\'ll understand the hype!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tim N.', '4', 'by far the best hu tieu restaurant ive been to so far. The jumbo shrimp is JUMBO and the bowls have a just the right amount of food to make you full and satisfied.  the troubles is parking. if the place is packed parking can be a trouble. but then again it is downtown. so it was kinda expected.  definitely a great place to go to. Service was quick and the wait was not that long.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stanley C.', '3', 'DALAT It\'s all about the jumbo shrimp here. Almost every dish here has the jumbo shrimp as a topping. You get 3 jumbo shrimps in all the dry or wet noodle soups. I had the dry combination egg and clear noodle dish, where it was loaded with pork, veggies, and those delicious jumbo shrimps. It also came with a large bowl of soup, where I poured over my noodles. The dish was mildly flavorful, but not as good as other "dry" noodles I\'ve had at other establishments. Next time, I want to their half chicken rice dish. It looked quite tasty! Beware of parking, since Dalat is near residential housing. My friend parked on the residential street and after lunch, she found out she had a $60 ticket!!! You need a permit to park on that street. Aside from that, if you\'re looking for a decent lunch in downtown San Jose, Dalat is a good choice.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie C.', '4', 'I thought it was bound to packed on January 1 when most other places (excluding Asian) would be closed. Got there around 12pm and there were a few open tables. Just our luck! As the server, yes, he speaks English, took our order a few stragglers came in through the door. Right when we get our food, the numbers multiplied. I ordered the seafood rice and egg noodle. It was delicious! The broth probably had a lot of MSG because it tasted sweet but I was satisfied. Got the iced coffee to go. Next time..definitely want to try the fried chicken with rice.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin V.', '5', "I have been eating at Dalat ever since i have been in the WOMB. My mom would get cravings for this place and it has come and affected me to no end. Every month I need my fix of this place or I might go crazy. If you are craving noodles go for the Hue Thieu Dalat.  It is there house specialty.  It comes with fresh noodles, HUGE shrimp, crab, fish patty, chicken and the broth is one of the best tasting things on this planet.  This is my usual here and I love it, it would never let me down. Now if you are not in the mood for noodle I would recommend the Ga Roti.  It is a rice plate that comes with a whole fried chicken.  It is delicious and it will fill you up. The noodles here are my favorite Vietnamese dish and I love to bring my friends here.  I like to show them one of the restaurants I've grown up in and I hope you guys love it too."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'P C.', '4', "Mi à Lat - khô, Good. Ambience? Well, family ran restaurant for 37 years. As usual, it's what's inside (the bowl) that counts."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine L.', '5', "This place has the best hu tieu - no other place even comes close. Get it with soup or dry, either way it's addictive. Are they putting crack in this thing? I could eat it every day and not get tired of it. I also get the bbq pork rolls (#1) which are hella good here too. They are apparently also known for their chicken, but I always want to eat the hu tieu so I've never tried it yet. I only started coming here a few months ago, but I come so often, they recognize me now. Note that their parking lot is crappy as hell so try to come early or late to find a place to park."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Harry T.', '4', "It's like TK Noodle on steroids OMFG!!! Buddy of mine suggested that we stop by for lunch one day and get some delicious Hu Tieu in our stomachs. I had #48 which is the rice noodle one that comes with HUGE shrimp, crab claw, and lots of pork. Price seems kind of up there if you compare it to Pho pricing but it's worth it, especially since they don't skimp out on anything here. The seafood was delicious and fresh, broth was flavorful without overdoing it on the msg, and the pork seemed bottomless. I kept digging and digging and it seemed as if I was never going to run out of pork. Service and decor is pretty much your typical Vietnamese restaurant. Parking is such a hassle though. They have a few parking spaces in front but it's only like 4 spots so be prepared to find street parking.  If your craving some kind of noodle soup, I would come check this place out and try out the Hu Tieu. ***CASH ONLY***"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Quyenna T.', '5', 'Hu tieu da lat kho!! Best Hu tieu joint in San jose. HANDS DOWN. The service is pretty awesome for a hole in the wall vietnamese restaurant amazingly! I always extra sauce on the side, a lot of Hu tieu joints are stingy, but da lat gives you a big gigantic bowl. So I Obviously do Recommend everyone to try this place out.  5 stars! Great food and good service.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Danny I.', '5', 'Delicious is the word. Afforadable too although many might find it above the avarage price for an ordinary vietnamese restaurant. They give real crab though and jumpo shrimps too.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'c g.', '1', 'Pathetic food. It was my first and last visit. They have a big portion size but that\'s about it. I am not sure how many people opt for vegetarian options here but the chowmein I ordered came with stale tofu. My friend ordered fried fish that came with a side of completely wilted old cabbage salad. Service was horrible as well. Nobody checked on us and each time we needed something, we waved at them to get our attention.  And, why does the "price range" column shows single $ sign? This place has rates matching to that of a fine dining restaurant. It\'s NOT cheap. Be prepared to spend $15+ for single person.  I don\'t mind paying a higher price provided the food and service are good. Never coming back.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phong H.', '5', "Order their Hu Tieu or Com Ga Roti (Crispy Chicken Rice Plate). You're welcome"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tim T.', '4', "Been here since 1979, since I was a baby boy. Yesiree. Hu Tieu noodles; dry or soupy. Very flavorful, it's  how you expect it to be, no one else in SJ can immitate or replicate the broth nor the secret brown sauce. Jacked up the price over the years, but quality is well worth it. Other dishes are decent as well. Hole in the wall, parking is a b**** so get there early while the broth is fresh."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer N.', '5', "I came here because it is walking distance from my apartment and was craving some serious food. When I saw all the locals in the restaurant, I automatically knew this place was something special. How did I not figure out this place having lived here for nearly 3 years?!  I ordered the vermicelli noodles with jumbo shrimp and chicken. When my order came, it was beautifully garnished with scallions, fried onion bits and peanuts. After taking my first bite, I felt as if I died and went to heaven. The food was so good, so comforting that I was satisfied after a few bites. I took the rest home to savor for dinner and was happily stuffed. I don't even care about the customer service because the food is so good. I think they are a family owned business and they have a lot of regulars.  I will most likely go there more often. This place is less than 1 block from me!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Greg M.', '1', "Overall very poor experience. Service was very slow. Our food took a very long time to be prepared: We ordered the fresh Spring Rolls for appetizer. Flavor was pretty bland and peanut sauce was disappointing. Won ton soup that took 25 min and they only brought it out when we told them to cancel it. My wife ordered combo fried rice and it was very heavy with garlic. I ordered the chow mein..it took over 30 min to prepare.. We won't be back"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cherrie C.', '5', 'I have been coming to Dalat for nearly 25 years.   Although I love their shredded pork with broken rice and adore their eggrolls, but I absolutely worship their hu tieu with the pleasantly chewy clear noodles.  It comes with a succulent colossal prawn, sweet crab claw, sliced of roast pork and fried pork loaf, onions, garlic chives and fried garlic.  I like mine "wet" (meaning with broth, "dry" mean you get it with sauce instead).  The broth is deep and flavorful, but if you add a squeeze of lemon/lime, it\'s so good, it\'ll make you cry.   It hits the spot every time.  If you\'re hungry, order the "special" which will supersize your order.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'popobee N.', '1', 'Worst Hu Tieu Nam Vang ever!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tweeti H.', '5', 'I had a very awesome experience with Vietnamese noodle here. The broth was fresh and the noodle was super fresh. I will come back again. The noodle is too delicious to describe with words. I think you just need to go try it.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thien N.', '4', "According to my mom, we've been going here like back in the early 90's but I seriously do not remember!  I recently rediscovered this place and must say I'm happy to add it to one my fav noodle places to go. Too bad they close pretty early (7:30pm) but I don't think I'd want to be in that neighborhood any later than that. :/  I must say their Mi Dac Biet Da Lat (kho) is pretty good.  The noodles are al dente and the side of broth is flavorful.  The toppings of all the fish cakes and pork and seafood is A LOT!  There's also a hefty amount of noodles.  I leave pretty satisfied and full."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Betty N.', '1', "I'm not fond of their hu tieu. The broth tastes sweet and i'm not a fan."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kaye T.', '5', 'THEIR HOUSE NOODLES ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOODDDD! The shrimp (which I happen to love a lot) are huge and meaty! The place is fairly old and small.. but the service is pretty fast and can get pretty busy, especially on the weekends.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Reggie A.', '4', "Hu tieu is on point at this joint. Cop the Dry noodles and you won't be disappointed. place is kinda dirty looking and in the ghetto of dtsj. but if your looking for good eats, this is the spot."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cee V.', '4', 'I came here to have the mi kho(see photo), on a tuesday afternoon when it took some time to find parking...the place was busy with vietnamese folks. the mi kho tasted amazing, with fresh egg noodles and a very savory broth set on the side..and i think it cost 8.95. the bowl came with slices of pork, sausage (i think fish sausage), a thing of crab and a prawn. it also came with a very good bowl of soy based sauce to give the noodles some more flavor. i would come here again!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chalita K.', '5', 'my favorite vietnamese food i alway order Hu Tieu Dalat and fresh roll .My veitnamese friend told me that it is not originally taste but i like it  Who cares !!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mandie S.', '5', "The one thing I love about living in the South Bay is all the Vietnamese food. This spot has very good soups and spring rolls. I went there last week for the first time and it was so good I had to go back again this week. So far I've tried the seafood special with their GIANT prawns and the beef soup. Both very tasty and I'm pretty sure they don't use msg. Will definitely be returning to this place again soon :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Laina T.', '3', "This place has been around forever!  My first memory of it was when my dad went to SJSU and lived directly across the street from the restaurant in the duplex.  More than twenty years later, it's still standing. I was feeling a bit under the weather so I wanted something soupy.  I ordered the dry Dalat egg noodles. It comes wet or dry.  If you order it wet, it's a big bowl noodles with soup all mixed up together.  If you order it dry, it comes with a small bowl of soup on the side.  Back in the days, I would have ordered the hu tieu (clear rice noodles), but the egg noodles have less carbs so it's a little healthier.  The noodles come with thin slices of pork, fish paste, a crab claw, and a jumbo shrimp.  For an extra $2, you can get the Special Dalat egg noodles and get 2 jumbo shrimps instead of one.  The soup was a little off but it was still good.  Perhaps it wasn't as good as I remembered because I couldn't smell anything from my cold.  I still think it's one of the better Vietnamese/Chinese noodles in San Jose."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phil H.', '4', "Another typicall dirty viet place with great food. I know this is not a white table cloth place and the food is good, but it is not very clean and it will make my hair stand up on end if I start thinking about it. Ok, the food is great and I have never gotten sick, that's saying something right?   There is a doood that works there, been ther since the dawn of time he owns the place and is way cool.  More then once I 4got my money or didn't have enuff money, he just said bring it next time.   Wow huh? That is pretty cool.  He's always nice to our family and super sweet and the food is awesome. Take out is my favorite way to go here. I stick with the seafood soup.  It has one crab, one shrimp and I get the yellow noodle.  Very very good Vegetarian rolls also really good Chicken salad worth a try. They are really known for there seafood soup so b sure and check it out. A couple of soups and a spring roll for abut 20bucks, that to me is always a good deal. Checkmit out u wil be happynu did Tegreat oracle of food has spoken"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Allison T.', '3', "Ok so my friends have raved about this place but I really didn't think too much of it.  My soup was a bit too sweet for me and the sauce was not the same as the one from Ha Nam Ninh in SF.  One thing though the stir fry noodle dishes were huge!  I can't see myself driving an hour for noodles in the near future. Sorry not my cup of tea!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tesi C.', '5', 'Omg. I got to say best pho in town. I am originally from Monterey and travel the hour just to get my pho here. Ive never liked pho before till my boyfriend invited me to eat here. They also have fried prawns and they are delicious they batter is not heavy like other places. Come here it is right down street from dan jose state. I always order a side order of there rice as well it is not greasy and super delicious :-) I know its not fancy here but there food is amazing will be back many times more.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Antoinette N.', '3', 'I came here to try their hu tieu that is supposedly comparable or better than Nam Vang. I love, love, love the hu tieu kho at Nam Vang, but lately I\'ve felt like the lack of cleanliness of the restaurant was only getting worse. I was hoping with all the great reviews that Dalat would become my new go-to place when I\'m craving for hu tieu.  It wasn\'t. I ordered the dry Hu Tieu Da Lat. I was surprised how big the portion was. It was twice the size of Nam Vang\'s dingy tiny bowls. It comes with the sauce and broth on the side so you can mix it in yourself. There was also plenty of meat and even a crab claw! However, the hu tieu just wasn\'t tasty to me. Don\'t get me wrong. It wasn\'t bad. But the sauce, broth, and ingredients mixed up altogether in the bowl just didn\'t make me go "Ahhhh". I may be a bit biased but I was also disappointed that Dalat does not have any chili, pickled peppers or jalapenos where you can add it to your bowl or eat them on the side. Don\'t they know Vietnamese people like their food spicy?! Sigh. I am currently still in search of a clean hu tieu restaurant  that can satisfy my cravings. I know it\'s out there somewhere!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ann L.', '3', "CASH ONLY!  We went for lunch on Sun 2/8/09 after the SJ Tet Parade.  I've been wanting to try it for a long time and finally did.  Street parking can be tough in that area, but Sundays aren't too bad.  FREE street parking on Sundays. From the Yelp reviews many people have recommended the Hu Tieu so we had to try them. We got: #48 Special dalat rice noodle soup (jumbo shrimp) $7.95 - this is a huge bowl of rice noodle in soup w/ 2 jumbo shrimp, a small crab leg, and lots of other things like fish cake, etc.  It's very tasty.  Recommended. #49 Cambodian style noodle soup $5.50 - this is a small bowl and you can get dry or wet style.  I picked dry.  The bowl comes w/ noodles, fish cakes, a few slices of chicken, some small shrimp, & pork.  A tiny bowl of soup on the side.  I thought it was just ok.  I liked #48 better. We just ordered iced water to drink. I saw lots of people getting the fried chicken (lots of it) w/ rice plate.  Must be good. To pay: Don't expect a bill, pay at the front w/ the old guy.  From Yelpers I read that the old guy scams you w/ the total.  I think he puts the tip on the total so for 2 bowls of soup $7.95 + $5.50  = $13.45 and tax should be like $15 right?  He goes $16.13.  That's all he got out of me cuz that's including tip!!  Don't put tip on the table here!!  CASH ONLY. Women's bathroom - To the Rt of the old guy through the door then on the Left.  Men's in the back. Hrs: Daily 8:30am-7:30pm"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lanie L.', '5', "YES YES YES the hu tieu is good. but that's not what i come here for. i actually come here for their fried rice. yeah yeah i know...that's it?  but their fried rice is so LEGIT it's not even funny. i order the family portion size and eat the whole thing myself...not in one sitting mind you. their che dau do (red bean che) and che thai and che ba mau (3 color che) is so delicious!!! the best ever! family owned, not fancy, crappy parking, great food and prices. i attended a wedding lunch here once before. that was one hell of a good lunch."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julie Asia H.', '5', 'Com tom cang(jumbo shrimp and rice)so so so delicious the best in town ...a lil pricey but really good..i would bery much recommend eating here. And also mi da lat kho its the best.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vee H.', '5', 'My favorite place for hu tieu! i just hate how the price keeps going up!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Theodore C.', '5', "Though I'm not Vietnamese, I was born and raised in San Jose and thanks to my Dad having spent many years living in downtown SJ, I've had the pleasure of trying many different types of Viet food my entire life.   That being said, Dalat has, hands down, the best Hu Tieu there is.  And if that isn't enough convincing, my Viet friend swears by it as well! I usually get the Hu Tieu with egg noodles and the soup already in the bowl (as well as a extra bowl of sauce on the side).  The best part of it all is the broth, which as a sweet savory taste that I can't find anywhere else.  The crab claw and jumbo shrimp are of better quality and taste than you might expect and they almost always pile up the other meats.  As expected, I always find myself being able to finish a large bowl to the final drop. People might make some criticisms about the price, but for me, as long as I'm not paying over $14-15 for this, it's a reasonable value for me, seeing as there is absolutely no replacement."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle G.', '5', 'I usually order the Dalat noodle. Good food, but kinda expensive for vietnamese food.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eddie C.', '4', 'One of the better Hu Tieu places around.  I always get the special with either egg noodles or the rice noodles. I\'m not a big fan of the popular glass noodles. They tend of give you extra sauce if you opt to get ithe noodles "dry" or soup on the side.  But this special has otten too expensive for me. At over $10 for this special, I don\'t think its worth it any more. I rather just go to Vung Tao if I have to pay this much. The the atmosphere and customer service is much better than Dalat. Their fired half chicken special is also my other favorite here.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katheryn H.', '5', "This place is nostalgic. My family does not go out to eat much, but when they do... it's here. Authentic. Been around for decades, and it's for a good reason. Their hu tieu is the best hu tieu... EVER. Sooooooooo good. I get it with the clear noodle - dry - broth on the side. Egg noodle and the flat rice noodles are also equally delicious. I love the combination of textures and flavors. I also like Chinese donuts on the side to dip in my soup."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anh D.', '4', "Yum, really good noodles. I like the egg noodles, but I really love their special hu tieu kho. The menu is quite extensive here, but I don't muss about -- I go straight for the hu tieu kho.  Flat rice noodles quickly tossed in a pan served with slices of pork, squid, a big prawn that I gave to my husband, a little crab claw, and sauteed onions/etc. The noodles also came with a small bowl of broth on the side.  It was all really good, and on a cold day, this really hit the spot for me, since I don't like noodle soups, but I enjoy a nice bowl of warm broth on the side of my noodles.  Delicious!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jeffrey T.', '4', "Yes, Vietnamese foods with proper portions!  This place is an older diner style restaurant that is a Vietnamese restaurant.  They serve a large selection of : noodles - pho or egg noodles     I had the braised duck wonton - yum! barbecue - pork chops, shredded pork and pork egg cake    i had an combo plate with a fried egg stir fry - lemongrass chicken, beef and the usuals    boyfriend had lemongrass beef The best part is their attention to good food with good portions.  It's on average 8-10 dollars per item.  However, I found that the food quantity is realistic compared to certain vietnamese places you find in downtown San Jose.   It's not fancy and some may find it old and in need of a deep clean.  But, the staff bus tables and when we were there an employee was mopping the floors."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Smarty Pants P.', '4', 'my coworker took me here for lunch... In down town SJ, so I was like.. "where are you taking me?"  she said not to worry, just TRUST her... I got bit scared...  She ordered me #48.... Giant bowl of soup full of crab claws, jumbo prawns, sliced pork, and white chicken meat... I was scared no more...  It was SOOOOOO FREAK\'N GOOOOOOD! Their portions are huge so I now have left over for some afternoon snack and dinner. the girl next to me got chowfun? It looked good too..... So now I may "actually" have to drive to DTSJ.... I\'m totally hooked..... My belly is very very happy~']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nikkie P.', '5', "My family has been going here for ages. I brought my husband here for the first time and it still taste as good as it was when I was little. We both got pho. The soup here is great and doesn't have any smell. The beef is tender and delicious. And my husband's beef balls seemed like they were homemade. I also love that they have auntentic viet fried spring rolls with the rice paper. Prices are still decent for the amount of food you get. Great place to stop for lunch or dinner on the way to the outlet!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina N.', '2', 'My friend decided to meet at Dalat restaurant for lunch and I was really looking forward to try it out after seeing positive ratings on Yelp. It was really crowded when we arrived around 1pm and was seated. The restaurant is a casual, but old restaurant that\'s likely family-owned for many years in Downtown San Jose. My friend had her Com Tam and I had the Banh Hoi Thit Nuong. The food was fair, but the customer service was lacking which is why I had to give Dalat 2 stars. There was a cart of dirty dishes just sitting near our table and my friend noticed something splashed on our table when they were placing dirty dishes in the cart. Disgusted, we asked for another bowl to replace her sauce. The restaurant seems very disorganized for a small restaurant. While my friend and I were chatting, we had a sudden shout from possibly the owner yelling at her employees, "THAT\'S NOT THEIRS. I KNOW WHAT THEY ORDER. I TOOK THEIR ORDER." The whole restaurant had a moment of silence and turned their attention to her from all the ruckus. The food was fairly large as we had left overs to take home. When we were done, we went to the front to pay. The cashier overcharged my friend for a meal of $7 as $10, but she had to correct him. He didn\'t seem to know his prices (I assume he\'s part of the ownership) and had to check their menu. I felt bad that my friend had to apologize to me over Dalat that she said it could\'ve been a better experience.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'John D.', '5', "Being an alumni of SJSU I remember eating here so many times.  The combo soup is about $10 bucks, but well worth it.  The broth, the fresh seafood.  Big Prawns and crab legs.  They helped me get through tough exams at SJSU.  I can't thank you guys enough.   Only bad thing is too many cops here.  Sometimes I don't like being looked at by them when I'm eating.  They make me feel like I'm doing something wrong."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rod C.', '5', 'Excellent restaurant. Love their com dias (rice plates).']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kenneth L.', '1', "My experience at Dalat was HORRIBLE!!! The service was slow and they didn't bring us the right number of place settings and drinks.  You have to ask for everything, there's no insight or even thinking about what the customer needs.  We ordered pho and bun.  The meat in the pho was horrible.  It was tough and not editable.  There are other much better pho options in the area."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cynthia D.', '5', 'LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! been here twice... both times left satisfied with a food coma oh so worth it! i dont remember what i had cause my big bro always orders for me, BUT ... i bet everything here is just delicious!  dont tip cause tip is already added in the bill... just an FYI oh another FYI ... they close everyday at 6pm']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Karen S.', '3', "Their dry noodle is good but service is horrible!!!! They don't care to ask if you need assistance when they see you standing by the door waiting for a table! You sit down and they take forever to ask you if you're ready to place an order when it's obvious you're waiting on them!!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Debbie T.', '4', "I love coming here! The food is really flavorful and delicious! I like to order the Hue Tieu dry with the clear noodles. The hue Tieu comes with different pieces of meats, crab and prawns on top of clear rice noodles with a special sauce. It's very good! Definitely my favorite dish here! I have also tried the fried chicken and rice plate here. The fried chicken is huge! Definitely worth my money! The chicken is lightly seasoned and taste really good with fish sauce.  One thing that sucks about this place is the parking. The garage fits like 3 cars and it looks like some people double park. No bueno! Because its closes to the school campus there's really limited parking. They also don't take credit card but there is AMT machine inside."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hieu T.', '5', "DEFINITELY #1 PLACE FOR HU TIEU..no doubt.  You have to get #46 with clear noodles, that is their house special. Their broth is very very good, doesn't taste like MSG chicken broth. They give you a lot of meat, pork, crabs, and prawns. So much prawns that we can never finish your meat & prawns.  Their prices are a little bit over priced for a bowl of noodles. It's about $11 for one bowl but they give you so much meat and prawns. If you buy to-go, it should be able to feed 2 people.  Overall, this place has the best hu tieu in the bay area. LOVE IT. oh yea..cash only"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vinh N.', '4', "This place hella reinforces the myth that for the Asian joints, sometimes it's the grungier, gnarlier looking places that end up being the most delicious. After an awkward parking incident, which you'll know what I'm talking about when you see the side where parking seems almost on the sidewalk, we went inside and seated ourselves. The table was still a little dirty and I went into OCD mode trying to clean the table and the utensils. I was tempted to use the bathroom but quickly forced myself to resist out of fear. We put in orders of Hu Tieu and Mi Xao Don (Crispy Chow Mein) and waited for some goodness to come our way. Food came out fast and I died a little inside when the waitress had her thumb in my dish. I told myself that I was building a better immune system with her germs and dug in, trying not to be super high maintenance. The Mi Xao was HUGE and I had to share with everyone at the table, to which the four of us still didn't finish it. They had Hu Tieu and they loved the broth and the jump shrimp looked like a relative of something from District 9, they were ginormous! Overall, cheap, dirty, and good, just like the way your mother likes it."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lan N.', '4', "I pretty much go here for the Hu Tieu Dalat during lunch hours only.  I haven't been here for dinner in a long time so I won't be reviewing on that. I get it dry so the broth is on the side.  The hu tieu comes with jumbo shrimp, crab claw, pork, vegetables and some special sauce.  Add a squeeze of lime and some chili if you like and all of it together makes for an excellent bowl of noodles. I gotta say that the restaurant is pretty dirty.  If you can overlook that, you are in for some good food."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nathan W.', '2', "Following the advice of other Yelpers here, I went with the house special hu tieu.  The jumbo shrimp were indeed huge, but my favorite part were the generous portions of sliced fishcake in the broth.  Overall, a very nice meal on a morning when I was slightly hungover... This nice meal, however, was marred by the stench of cigarette smoke wafting in from the kitchen.  Ugh.  The rushed service didn't help, either... This is supposed to be San Jose's second oldest Vietnamese restaurant and the decor would confirm this title.  They must be doing something right to still be around after all these years, but the thought of the chef throwing my soup together with a cigarette dangling from his lips puts me off of this place.  Do ma!!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Another R.', '4', "Super-crispy fried chicken, Vietnamese salad are my favorite. Fast, home style food always makes me satisfied. Not the neatest area and I wouldn't hang around too much before/after the meal. I encountered a couple of bums asking for change on the way to the restaurant from the parking lot. The parking lot is kind of DIY-style parking lot and I hit the bottom of the car on the curb when I was exiting. You have to be a parking artist to park well on some of the spots."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'JA R.', '5', "The place is always packed! Some of the best clear (chewy) noodle soups  around! Kind of pricey but well worth it!  Parking sucks. Your best bet is to park down the block and bring quarters for the meter.  Skip the che ba mao...it's just weird there."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anonymous T.', '1', "Yelp reviews here of Dalat are extremely misleading.  First, the restaurant is at a seedy part of town. Homeless people right outside the door.  I walked in, and smelled a hint of urine. WTF. Yes, inside the restaurant.  I ordered take out for 8.95, somehow ended up paying 10.30... and this is cash only. Finally, the food (rice + beef) is extremely sub-par, not good. Beef is tasteless. And I can't believe they charged $10 for this crap.  There are much better Vietnamese places right around the area."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steevo H.', '5', "This is my all time favorite place to go have a great meal during the day. I used to go here as a kid with my pops. Everything on the menu is pretty solid and you can't really go wrong if you order a Hu Tieu, which is the specialty here. I definitely recommend the house special with normal noodles (not clear). You get a few jumbo shrimp and a crab claw to feast on while you're savoring your perfectly prepared Hu Tieu.  The service was sort of rushed, but what do you really expect in service from a Vietnamese restaurant? You go for the food right? Right.  Also note that they close a lot earlier than most restaurants. 7PM if I recall correctly. Pretty lame but pretty smart. Crime usually happens at night right? Especially in the middle of ghetto San Jose That's thinking ahead for you. Due note that tips is included with your bill regardless of party size.  TLDR: Get the Hu Tieu Da Lat Dac Biet, dry and with regular noodles."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kalila Y.', '2', "They use MSG. I was very thirsty afterward. The broth was okay. The meat has no taste or flavor. I thought I try it out since I haven't been there over a decade when I lived in the area. I was not impressed at all!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny T.', '4', "I've gone here a few times with my mother, and I am a fan of their hu tieu, as well as some of their other dishes (that I unfortunately can't remember the names of).  It's not usually that crowded, which makes it very easy to find a place to sit whenever you come and that's a plus.  I recommend this place to anyone who's in the San Jose area!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Paulina N.', '1', 'I really like their noodles, but i ordered togo, and when i got home, i opened my box and it was a box of rice. Something like this should not be happening for a restaurant.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cathy N.', '5', "I've been going here since I was little and till this day, nothing has changed! Food still tastes great and even the restaurant doesn't look much different except maybe for a few minor upgrades. Very few though...so don't expect a super clean and beautifully decorated restaurant. It has more of a hole in the wall look and is kind of dirty too - but hey, tasy food makes up for it! I come here for 2 things: the Hu Tieu and the Com Ga Roti (Crispy Chicken Rice Plate).  Hu Tieu is super delish! Comes with a jumbo shrimp, lots of meat, a crab claw, and your choice of white or clear noodles all covered lightly in a thin, special sauce if you get it dry. Add some veggies and little bit of hot sauce and voila! You'll have yourself a scrumptious bowl of some really good stuff. If you get it with the broth, it's also pretty tasty too. The soup itself is extremely flavorful here. Definitely can't ever go wrong with this meal. The chicken rice plate is also yummy! Super crispy on the outside and very juicy on the inside...MMmmmm. And the portion is HUGE!! They practically give you a whole small chicken - extremely appetizing :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andre W.', '4', 'Damn this place has been around! This is my dads favorite place for hu tieu so I had to come here. I ordered the hu tieu da lat dac biet i believe. I ordered it with the soup but I think next time imma have the soup on the side. It was good! Jumbo shrimp, plenty amount of noodles and seafood.  The place is pretty small and you gotta find parking on the streets. It has that oldschool restaurant feel to it which is pretty cool and homely. Service is kinda eh but its not terrible. Id definitely come back for more hu tieu']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wooodis D.', '5', "5 Hu Tieu STARS! ! Came here early this morning after picking up a buddy from SJ County Jail for DUI....(if it wasn't for that I would have never been introduced to this place! Thanks A.T.H.N. for being Irresponsible)   ................Anyways I tried the Dalat clear noodle Hu Tieu with the broth on the side and it was the BEST tasting Hu Tieu I have ever eaten! It came loaded with clear noodles, onions, crunchy stuff, pork, Cha Lua, 2 big ass prawns, and a giant crab claw! There service was mehh.... I caught him falling asleep a couple of times but it was ok being that it was in the early morning hours. Anyways I ate about only half of it packed the rest to eat hours later and it was still F@#*ing delicious! excuse my french......... Will def. come back for sure since its close to sjsu!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dingo N.', '5', 'Been coming here since I was a child. Even though under new ownership, still love the spot. Hu tieu never fails']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'C C.', '4', "I came here yesterday morning and again this morning for their hu tieu. It's THAT good. They have an extensive menu of rice dishes, noodles, and even do crab and seafood dishes too... but I have yet to try their other options.  Their hu tieu is delicious. It comes with so much meat and seafood that it makes the bowl worth the $9.75. You really can't go wrong ordering their hu tieu with a side bowl of the dipping sauce they give you for when you happen to eat it dry. I like to eat it wet (with the soup) because it takes longer to eat, and I can enjoy the nice, hot soup longer, which is very soothing for the soul after a night of drinking. The hu tieu comes with slices of pork, chicken, fried fish patty, two jumbo prawns, and a crab claw or two. I I say this because the first time I got two crab claws and the second time I got one. I'm sure I just got lucky the first time :) I love, love, love the clear noodles. Absolutely yummy in my tummy! Will be back again soon."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phongye E.', '5', "McDonalds has it's big mac, BK, the Whooper, TK, the chow fun...Dalat's bread and butter,  Hu Tieu.  I prefer the clear noddle, soup on the side but they have rice and egg noddle as well.  When I don't get Hu Tieu, I order Com Ga Roti (Crispy Chicken Rice Plate). TIP, ask them to chop it up so it's easier to eat"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Domo K.', '4', 'First time here...it was good. i iihad hu tieu. goodd stuff.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Darlene T.', '3', 'I went because so many people said it was good. it tasted like your typical hu tieu.  I still think hu tieu in Vietnam taste the best!! no where beats there!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anita L.', '3', "I came here with a few friends and left unsatisfied. My friend tried the Hu Tieu Dalat, but was disappointed to find nothing special. For the price we paid, the food wasn't that great. However I had the com tam bi, which in my opinion, you can't go wrong with so I was satisfied. But since this place is known for their hu tieu, I didn't see the hype. Perhaps I came at a bad time?"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cyprus N.', '4', "This place has been here a long time as far as I remember. They specialize in traditional nice or egg noodle bow in broth or without that serves with the mix of sea food and meat (pork and chicken) There is no doubt, this is the best place to get this type of noodles in San Jose but don't mistake with Pho, this is totally different style."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brad C.', '5', "Oh yeah this place is the SH*T! Michelle found this place and we both headed over here on a lazy Sunday morning after a long night of Kareoke-ing @ Lomar's Pad. I ordered the steak and rice with a side of broccoli. The steak was ginormous and was like 10 bucks... And did I mention that it tasted bomb too!? And it was cooked the way I asked for it!? Sometimes you have trouble getting a place to make it the way you want it for more money... We are definitely going to keep this spot in mind when we head out and are craving some good Viet food. Oh yeah... The place isn't all that big and it was crowded when we got there on Sunday morning... So best of luck!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'John T.', '4', "Why write a review that already has nearly 100 reviews already? easy, to help those who trust me make a decision on what to eat when they get here. For the most part everything I've had here is good but what always stands out for me is their com ga roti.  A dish of what appears to be oven roasted but could be fried instead chicken with rice. Choice of rice are white rice, yellow rice (reminds me of fried rice), or red rice (just like Spanish rice.. but not). my personal choice is the red rice. the portion is huge considering it's the whole game hen tossed on your plate with rice. for under 10 bucks this meal is a deal for me."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex B.', '5', 'This is my go-to restaurant for a quick Vietnamese sandwich.  The shrimp spring rolls are great.  You can get 3 large spring rolls for $3.  Very tasty, inexpensive lunch. The outside looks a bit run-down and sketchy, but trust me - the sandwiches are great!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tay T.', '3', 'The mi here was just alright. They give you a lot of food, but I prefer quality over quantity.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Evelina L.', '5', 'Best Hu tieu ever had! This is by far my favorite place to eat at for Hu tieu. I have not found a place that is better then this. Yes it may be a little dirty and not the best neighborhood and it looks sorta trashy but it is great!! Definitely love going here and will return many more times! Sorta more pricey then other places but i personally think its worth it.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Foodie L.', '1', "The old cashier guy (owner) include tip into your total bill. Don't put tip money on the table or you are actually paying double tip for your meal. Shame on the old man!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Heidi C.', '4', "Really happy to try different Vietnamese cuisine besides the usual (pho and sandwiches). Everything we ordered at this place was delicious. The prawn appetizer is huge! Not the tiny little shrimp you usually see when restaurants are trying to save costs. The broth in their seafood and beef noodle soups were really flavorful too without a yucky filmy taste from cheap ingredients. Highly recommend and would love to come back when I'm in the area. Just don't expect high class dining - this place is family owned so they're super nice but don't exactly have spotless tables and seats."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'jason g.', '4', "I came here with tony h, from Hard Knox and he said that this place is something that he craves for. Coming from a restaurant owner, it was something that I have to try myself. Driving down to San Jose on a weekday afternoon, on a work day, to eat this food is telling you something. The restaurant's clientele is mostly locals.  This is not your typical Vietnamese restaurant that serves up the infamous Pho noodles. This is actually a Northern base cuisine based in Northern Vietnam, in the city of Dalat. I came here with like 6 of us and all of us ordered what they are famous for, Hu Tieu. I usually don't like the glass noodles but it actually worked for this dish. Accompanied with the noodles are 2 gigantic shrimps in which the city of Dalat is known for, ground pork, pork, shallots,onions, cilantro. I would probably get it with egg or rice noodles next time.  The only bad thing about this dish is that the broth is a little too sweet for me. I think they might have put too much sugar in the broth. Other than that, it was good. I personally think it's good because there's no place in San Francisco that serves it. It was a great little trip to San Jose and I would come down here again to try other items. Cost is a little pricier than other Vietnamese restaurants in the area. They only accept cash and they range anywhere from 8 to 10 dollars a bowl depending on what you add onto your order.  Overall, a great place for Northern Vietnam style cuisine."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nhi L.', '4', "I would give this place 5 stars but it's a little dirty and service isn't that great. BUT, I've been going here since I was little and I always come back anyway. The Hu Tieu Dalat dry is just amazing. The sauce is different from any other hu tieu kho sauce I've had and it's the best. I love this place because they give jumbo prawns and a crab claw with the hu tieu. Their broth that's given on the side is very flavorful and piping hot when it's served. The parking here kind of sucks but once you've been going here for a while, parking on the sidewalk 2 ft away from the restaurant windows is now normal."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hung T.', '4', "Best Hu tieu in San Jose. Always prefer the wet Hu tieu over the dry, but what ever floats your boat. If you decide to eat here, make sure you order what they are known for....the Hu tieu!! One suggestion would be to freshen the place up a little bit. The place can use a face lift. But other than that, you can't complain about the noodles!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kelly T.', '4', 'One of my "must haves" when I visit SJ. I\'ve never had anything else besides the Hu Tieu (I prefer it dry with broth and extra sauce on side) and I probably never will. Why fix something that ain\'t broken? There are a number of other dishes on the menu such as broken rice plates, noodles, etc but seriously it\'s about the Hu Tieu.  A huge bowl of noodles heaped high with cha lua (steamed pork), 2 GIANT prawns, crab claw, and other fixings. The broth on the side isn\'t anything too special but it does it\'s job.  This place can get really crowded during lunch hours and on the weekends. Parking is very sparse with limited spots and mainly street parking. Once inside and seated, you\'re given a menu, have your order taken, get your food and probably won\'t see your waiter. You\'ll be lucky to get your water refilled. But that\'s expected at most Viet places. Service will suck. And they don\'t bring the check to your table. You go up front, tell them your table number, pay up (CASH ONLY from what I remember) and you\'re done.  The Hu Tieu might not even impress you that much the first time around but you\'ll probably come back, just to try it again before ruling it out completely. That\'s how it gets you. =)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Adelina W.', '5', "When I make my way to the south bay, I always make a stop here. It's not fancy, the service is nearly nonexistent BUT they have the best clear noodle I've ever had. The only place I've had it actually. I only order one thing, Hu Tieu Da Lat clear noodle with soup on the side. The shrimp and crab claws are HUGE! I could probably eat two or three of these in one sitting."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Suzzie B.', '4', "Wow! Their #45 was soooo delicious! It came with a giant shrimp, crab, fish cakes and LEAN pork. (Not the fatty ones like the other Vietnamese restaurants serve!) The soup was very flavorful! I think it was $9.23 per bowl. This totally hits the spot since it's raining cats and dogs out there.  I will definitely be back!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Johana B.', '5', 'Best chicken noodle soup in town !!! Small place a little pricey for pho but worth it !!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tammy D.', '5', "Yummy! Tried their noodle special with the soup. It had a unique taste to it. I loved it. Big juicy shrimps!  I am definitely coming back here again! We parked on the street, that day was not crowded at all. I hope parking won't be so bad next time we come! :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khai T.', '5', "Yep, as everyone says. Best Hu Tieu in town. Probably the best I've ever tasted! I got their special with the jumbo shrimp and had it dry. WAY better!!! They have the broth on the side if you still want broth, and the sauces they give you. Godlike. The flavor when mixed in with the noodles, plus the meats dipped in the sauce =Q drool* I wanna go back there again so my tastebuds can calm the heck down."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kyu L.', '4', 'ive been going to this spot for some time now for a dry egg noodle soup dish... i tried the hu tieu the other day and ive found my new favorite noodle dish of all time. of all time. thats a bold statement, but thats exactly how i felt while i stuffed my face the other day. if you havent had this before, its basically a bowl of clear vermicelli noodle cooked al dente...filled with slices of cooked pork, fish cake, crab claw, and 2 jumbo shrimp.  they give you a side bowl of rich flavorful broth that you can opt to drink separately or dump into your bowl of noodles...they also give you their secret brown sauce (sorry that sounded really gross in hindsight) that gives the vermicelli noodles its signature brownish tint to it...flavor wise, were looking at a little bit sour, a little bit salty, a little bit sweet, and totally delicious....a side dish of cooked or raw bean sprouts, chopped jalapenos, and fresh lime to top it all off, and you have MY favorite noodle dish of all time. this is the first time ive had hu tieu kho in san jose...i first tried this dish a couple months ago in socal and ive been hooked.... this dish is a must try if you like carbohydrates. #47. hu tieu da lat koh.  $8.99 worth every penny.   (note: this place used to be a bit run down BUT it seems like they have remodeled!)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ryan K.', '4', 'This is my go to vietnames lunch spot. I love the mix of egg and rice noodles with crab claw, chicken and shrimp. The soup is especially satisfying when you are hung over.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cindy T.', '4', 'I heard of Dalat from a bunch of my friends who are regulars here. I had the hu tieu dry and it was pretty good. Portions were huge and the soup was flavorful. Prawns are like super jumbo sized. Prices are cheap. Perfect for any rainy day.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dee F.', '4', 'Found this place today by accident.  At lunch, the place was packed with Vietnamese people.  The man and lady were really nice at the front.   Pho was about as good as I have had.   Topped off with some Vietnamese coffee....  Ahhhh.  Great meal.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'David T.', '4', 'I\'m glad i found this joint because i was starting to get sick of the same Vietnamese food all the time.  After reading all the yelp review, I ordered the "Da lat" special with the clear chewy noodles. When i first took a bite, I thought it was too plain but that was before i knew that there were some sauce at the bottle of the bowl. After mixing it all up and a squeeze of lime into the bowl, it started tasting hella good. After that, they brought out more of the sauce just in case you want to add a little more kick to your tongue. I put a teaspoon more of that sauce into my bowl and damn, game over. They had to call the police because i killed that bowl. Pricing was kind of high at $10 a bowl. I felt like that was kind of high, but I\'m use to it because there is this restaurant called "Vien Huong" in Oakland that charges the same price but way way disrespectful, at least this place isn\'t like that. 4 stars because of the pricing.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sylvie D.', '3', "Enjoyed the hu tieu here...but I don't get the hype! I think one of the most important things about hu tieu is the broth...and while it was good here, it definitely wasn't great!  The noodles were cooked well though. The price is a little high for a bowl as well...I mean I get that it has these giant crab claws in them, but offer a non-seafood variety for cheaper? Just my opinion. Next time, I'm going to the east side to get my hu tieu crave."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tin N.', '3', "The only reason to go here is for their signature dish, the Hu Tieu. I've been coming here for years and always get the Hu Tieu Da Lat Dac Biet. Over the last few years, I've noticed a slow decline in the quality of the food here. It almost seems like they've established themselves and have started to rest on their laurels and are living off their reputation. The sauce for the noodles has lost the complex, rich flavor it once had. I don't know if they guy that used to make it quit and took his recipe with him, but it's just not the same. The broth doesn't taste as rich as it used to, and despite the other reviewers' comments, I do taste MSG. Their service, which has never been good by American standards, has also slowly declined. I would go back in a pinch, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here now. I'm not trying to hate on this place because they've provided me with years of delicious Hu Tieu. It's just that I have a profound sense of disappointment of seeing a place that I love show signs of decline."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy E.', '3', "Make sure you really push the door open!!!! If the 'open' lights are on, push the door open because they won't get up and open it for you! (I saw a couple struggling and the guy just waved from his seat... lol) The broth is a little on the saltier side. It is a tiny bit more expensive than other Pho places. But I'll go back because of their convenient location. (I have yet to find another decent Pho place in the area.)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim J.', '4', "This place is a solid Vietnamese place. Took the bf there because I wanted him to try something besides pho. Nothing against pho, but there is more to Vietnamese food than pho and spring rolls people. :p We both got the Hu Tieu Da La Dac Biet which was sooo good. The broth was nice and flavorful but didn't seem as greasy as other places. They gave us tons of meat in the dish as well. I loved the fish cake and the crab claw we got. The jumbo shrimp was a nice touch as well.  The service is okay...not too friendly, but that's not what I go to a Vietnamese place for anyways. Would come back again. Bring cash if you come. Not sure what's up with San Jose and their cash only food places."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cynthia C.', '4', "Ate here plenty of times when I was in college but I guess I never remembered to review it. You can tell a restaurant is authentic when most of their customers are vietnamese and they LOVE the food here. My Vietnamese friends are the same. They always come here for quick authentic vietnamese food. Back then, I used to always get the rice plate but I've grown up and I don't eat rice anymore. :p So today I ordered the Hu Tieu (clear noodles) with the soup on the side. This was really yummy! It comes with a HUGE shrimp and a crab claw w/a bunch of fish cakes and meats.  They also make their shrimp spring rolls fresh. Ignore the ghetto looking outside of this place and wipe down your utensils and prepare for a great meal! :)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cora K.', '4', "mmmmm =)  good noodles, good crab, shrimp, it's like a little boiling crab meets pho"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynn H.', '4', "Food - 4 Service - 2.5 Ambience - 2 My Aunt, friend and I shared the following at lunch today: #45 Hu Tieu Da Lat,  #46 (a larger version of #45) and #47 (same as #45 but with rice noodles instead of glass). In retrospect, we probably should have ordered a little more variety, but what we had was quite delicious. Also, I would have ordered a large and a regular size for three people to share. The broth was nicely flavored and there was plenty of meat to accompany the noodles. The prawns and crab leg added a sweetness to the meal. The service is pretty typical of an authentic Vietnamese restaurant. They take your order, come back with your food and leave you alone to enjoy the hot, steamy goodness. Don't expect water refills or anything. It's pretty low frills, which is fine. Get there early as the parking can be a little tenuous. It's hard to explain, but basically, they outlined these parking spots in front of the restaurant but didn't create any ramps to get to them."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vicki L.', '5', "Da lat is (apparently) the 2nd oldest vietnamese restaurant in San Jose. I used to come here as a kid, and whenever I find myself in the area, I make an effort to come have hu tieu here. The place itself is almost exactly as I remember it.. the new large TV being the new add on.  Noodles, broth, jumbo shrimp, crab claw and more.. what more can you ask for? The hu tieu is the only reason why I crave da lat - and it's just as I remembered it."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie D.', '5', "The only thing I know that's good here is the Hu Tieu, clear noodles. I've been coming here as a kid with my family and the place hasn't changed a bit. Service is still the same, Asian service...=P and the food is still great."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dwayne B.', '5', "This place rocks.  I've never EVER ever had a bad meal here.  Service is prompt, efficient and friendly.  Never a wait, but always has customers.  These guys have been around a long time and they have a local feel like an old friend.  For some reason though, I've been coming here for 6 yrs and had forgot to write a review!  They make one of the best Banh Xeo's in the south bay out of only a handful of places that offer it anyway.  I've tried many things on the menu at all hours of the day and night and the food is always solid.  This should be saved as one of your Go-To default spots!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cecilia L.', '3', 'Had the Com Bo Luc Lac. Not bad...love that they serve orange rice like my mom used to make back in the day. My cousin ordered the fried chicken. The skin was good. Other than that, the meat was a bit dry.  Most of my family ordered the hieu tieu..which they are known for. So, I will definitely try it next time!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin N.', '4', "Hands down, the best dish here is the Hu Tieu!  The portion and quality of the food they give you here in their Hu Tieu has been the best I've seen.  After hearing about it from a friend I tried it here and thought it was delicious.  Since then, I have even yet to find another place that comes close to Dalat's Hu Tieu.  Soup is very flavorful, just slightly on the salty side but nonetheless it's awesome.  Comes with jumbo shrimp, crab claw, lots of meat and some veggies.  You can get it with different noodles and even dry. Either way you can't go wrong.  The other thing I've tried here was the Com Bo Luc Lac.  I thought it wasn't that great, just stick with the Hu Tieu.  I just got tired of eating the meat after a while, the taste gets old after finishing up half the rice plate. Service is pretty quick and it won't be the cleanest or fanciest looking place you've been to.  Hole in the wall status, but that is where you find great food at."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'April K.', '4', "My friend took me here and although I don't know much about Vietnamese food, I LOVED the hu thieu. It's definitely my new favorite Vietnamese dish! Atmosphere is pretty typical of a dingy, Asian place and felt a little sketchy because of the Asian gangsters I sat next to, but I'd still go back for another bowl of that soupy goodness. What can I say? I love MSG. Haha."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khoa T.', '1', 'Food was OK, but the service was terrible. The restaurant was in chaos. The restaurant also looked dirty.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Customer Feedback O.', '4', 'Their veggie Bun Bi Chay is as close to perfect as you can get.  After only being there one time the server remembered me and what I ordered.  Nice!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Victoria L.', '4', "I like the pho here a lot, the noodles are made just right. The servings are pretty big and they give you a lot of meat. Definitely not too busy imo. Service is good and it's good priced. Its kind of hard to park tho since their lot only covers 5 spaces."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anthony L.', '4', 'I just came here with my friend today. The noodle was so pretty TASTY that i was craving for the second one rite after eating the first noodle..im strongly recommend for the "HU TIEU DAI DA LAT"!! It comes in broth or dry depending on what u want but both are really DELICOUS!! Fast service but they need to SMILE with their customers :( they always look so SERIOUS :( Btw, i will DEFINITELY try the Roasted Chicken with Rice in the next visit YAY!!!! :P']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thomas K.', '4', 'Excellent Pho and shrimp spring rolls!  Near my Alma Mater and must repreat!!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Derrick V.', '3', "I tried Dalat's Hu Tieu Dac Biet, dry with the soup on the side. It was my first time trying the dry version of this dish, the main difference being the sweet dark sauce that the noodles come doused in. The bowl came with 3 jumbo shrimp, 2 of which were nice and fresh, 1 was noticeably older and reheated. These were some huge shrimp though! The crab claw was decent, but can't say I'm a fan of it in this dish. Tender pork slices and plenty of fish cake slices rounded off the bowl. The wide rice noodles were nicely cooked, perfect for slurping. Garnishes included scallions, cilantro, and fried shallots. Plate garnishes were sprouts and slices of jalapeno. So the stock.... Let me start by saying that I've eaten quite a few bowls of Hu Tieu at my local Pho haunts, knowing they weren't necessarily authentic versions. I've noticed that most of these places have the exact same tasting broth for their Hu Tieu, clear with no fat at all, perfectly balanced umami note, slightly sweet, with a hint of seafood flavor. And I've come to the conclusion that these places were all using some kind of manufactured broth or concentrate. Well it sure surprised me that Dalat's broth tasted just like what I described. I can't say for certain but it's hard to deny a flavor that you've grown accustomed to. Also, since I make a lot of soup myself, the lack of any fat is a dead giveaway. Even some tiny globules remain after you strain stock. That being said, it was still a tasty bowl of noodles. But I would much prefer the impurity marred homemade pork stock at Nam Vang on Alvin. The predictable check amount without pre-added tip doesn't hurt either."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Liz L.', '5', 'Hands down BEST Hu Tieu in San Jose!!! You can order it with the clear or egg noodles and its even better with the soup and sauce on the side.. This place will not disappoint you. YUMMMMMY!! BTW, another cash-only vietnamese restaurant..']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yuvaporn S.', '4', 'My favorite pho place in the Bay Area. The only bad part about it is parking.  Also, it is a cash only restaurant.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nam N.', '4', 'I\'ve been going here with the family for the fast 20+ years, so this Yelp review is way long overdue. Although the place is a little run down for my taste, I\'m not there for the ambiance, so don\'t expect that. I go here for one dish that they serve and one dish only! It\'s the "Hieu Tieu Dai Dalat - Kho". One of the best Hu Tieu dishes they have there. I don\'t normally eat anything else there so that\'s why I gave it 4 stars.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ana C.', '5', 'The pho is really good and the prices are reasonable.. I have only tried their Egg rolls, which are pretty good and # 46 Soup, its really good to add more flavor i add lemon, chili paste and oyster sauce.. Very Yummy. Parking can be a nightmare as most places In the area.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hillary C.', '5', "My boss and I took a lunch trip to Dalat a few weeks ago. Although it was about 95 degrees out I could never pass up pho. I got the beef ball pho, did my usual mix, and inhaled it. I know people always think pho tastes the same but no- this had a little extra zing to it. It is good prices as well. I looked over to another table where he ordered the seafood pho and all I could spot is the massive crab claw in it- boy was I jealous. It is rough for parking but I live in the area so I'd bike, it's cash only so take that into consideration, and during lunch time it was packed. Cannot wait to go back here with my friends."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew C.', '4', "I really mean to give this place 3.5 stars at best but the one item I've gotten here really deserves a 4. Had the beef pho here, big portions, lots of beef and other cow goodies. Thicker sliced beef than a lot of other places and I found it more tender than usual. Can't say anything special about the service. Parking is limited but at least they have a private lot, sometimes a tough find by the campus downtown area.  Again I think the place as a whole deserves a 3.5"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Juan C.', '4', "Hu Tieu with Clear Noodles in Broth= SOOOO DELICIOUS!  It's basically seafood (jumbo XXX Large shrimp, crab meat, fish cake), clear noodles in broth.  It's sooooooooooooooooooooo freaking good. I cannot get enough of this. Each time I get a bowl, i just sit down and literally get into my own little world with this bowl of noodles. Time flies, before i know it, my bowl is half gone. mmMmm!! nom nom nom.  Something about this restaurant i like a lot. It definitely has a mom and pop feel, and you tell a lot of locals come here time after time.  It's definitely not in the best neighborhood, pretty run down, but what they take out of that kitchen is magical. It's just soooo freaking delicious. If you come during dinner time, you can tell this is where the local viet families come to eat for dinner. I think they use fresh, real ingredients in their food. The size of those shrimp is HUGE!!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy G.', '4', "I crave the hu tieu here and have scheduled trips to San Jose just to have it. Being a SoCal resident, I've tried a few hu tieu places in OC and LA, but, personally, nothing I've had so far compares with Dalat. The closest imitation has been Thanh Vi in LA, but its version is far more oily and serves its shrimp battered and fried. Wait: I generally visit between 10:30am-5pm on weekends and have never had to wait for a table. Parking: Parking has been easy. There's a 4-5 car parking lot adjacent to the building and plenty of curb space in front and around the restaurant. Service: Staff speaks Vietnamese and English. I always order the same dish and my order has never come out wrong. Service is usually quick (inside of 10-15 minutes), although, during busy hours, I've had to wait a bit for drinks or drink refills. Food: Hu tieu Dalat, dry, small or large bowl--glass noodles in brown sauce (no MSG! or very little) with jumbo shrimp, crab claw, thinly cut pork slices, green onions, and cilantro served dry with a side of MSG laden seafood broth. The order comes with a mountain of sprouts, lime wedges, and jalapeno slices. Large bowl comes with more noodles and an additional shrimp. The noodles are warm and come apart easily, and the brown sauce has a mildly sweet flavor. The pork slices are salty and tender, and the jumbo shrimp thick, cooked through, and fleshy. Notables: Since Dalat is known for its hu tieu, the hu tieu dishes are served fast, fresh, and hot. I get sick if I have too much MSG (I can have a bag of chips, but not a bowl of pho) and have never had a problem with the amount of brown sauce in this dish."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cary P.', '1', "Food good, service SUCKED today.  Rude male server...burping as he walked by while eating...not so pleasant.  Won't recommend."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brian C.', '4', "I was in the area because of Snowbomb Ski Festival and was hungry after all the walking around. I remembered that a friend had mentioned this place to me before that it is one of the best dry pho places in the South Bay. I've never had dry pho before, but this place was pretty good. I had the #47 in dry form. The noodles were just right, although I'm not really a fan of seafood in pho. I'll definitely come back when I'm in the area."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jeffrey C.', '4', "I'm a fan of Dalat so far. I came here with a friend of mine and we both had pho with meatballs (forgot what # this was). The pho was delicious and the meatballs were amazing! I do wish they had more pho options but the meatballs are so good in itself that it'll make me come back soon enough. The service is typical of what you expect at a Vietnamese restaurant - nothing more to say here really."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kimmie L.', '4', "Food is always consistent. Although cleanliness could be improved dramatically.  The young lady acted as though we're beggars and that we're disrupting her from prepping for her beauty pageant.  News flash. You're not . please get a different job that doesn't require you to expose to the public."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mortiche W.', '4', "I think they get their prawns from the Jolly Green Giant's food supply because they were three times the size of normal prawns! This place nearly gave me food coma- if I finished my entire meal I think it would have done just that.  Everyone at my table ordered noodle soup or rice; although half of me wished I did because of  how appetizing it all looked when it arrived, I think my chances of staying awake for the rest of the afternoon can be credited to my choice. I got the Vietnamese crepe-like dish that is basically thin rice vermicellli noodles, cooked then pressed into a thin pancake-ish shape, which I now will remember is called Banh Hoi. It came with charcoal grilled gigantic prawns (they served the0 sliced in half and STILL they were bigger than average) and a plate of  romaine leaves, sliced cucumbers, pickled cabbage and carrots, and a mountain of aromatics- mint, basil and cilantro. The vermicelli had a faint hint of coconut milk, which set it apart from banh hoi I've gotten from other places, and made it taste great.  OK, to be honest, I thought I was getting a Bun Tom Nuong , the big bowl of vermicelli noodles with the slivered cucumbers and lettuce at the bottom of the bowl, but since I also enjoy assembling my own food and the ingredients were essentially the same I didn't mind this one bit. The only minor annoyance was my meal footprint at the table was twice as big  as everyone else's! Good points- extremely large portions, fresh, well seasoned food, clean tables and floor.  Bad points- my prawns still had their poop intact- if you're going to go through the trouble of slicing them in half, spend  the extra two seconds to clean out it's poop intestine.   My dining mates all had great looking/smelling dishes. A few of the guys got this mixed noodle dish they got the soup on the side. It had BBQ pork, those gigantic prawns, and lots other stuff I couldn't even keep track of, atop a bed of wheat noodles and the soup on the side. Another fella got half wheat noodle, half rice noodle which they complied readily. A few other guys got beef Sate, which looked and smelled nicely of Sate sauce with tomatoes, onions, bell peppers next to steamed rice. Next time I'm in the area I'll be back to try their noodle soup dishes!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nhung T.', '4', "I've been going here since back in the college days and this place has yet to disappoint me besides the price.  This place has the best Hu Tieu Dac Biet, you can either have it with water or dry. It's around $10 a bowl, damn pricey."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mike T.', '3', "After spending the whole morning working on my car, my wife and father-in-law recommended we have lunch here. It was my first visit here but I knew to expect to order rice, noodles or soup.  I was hungry but I was craving hu tieu with soup on the side.  The ingredients were fresh and well prepared.  The portion was typical of other places but I was disappointed to not see a huge chunk of bone in the side of soup.  I thought the soup was a little bland even with MSG. After inhaling my dish, I moved on to finishing my wife's and dad's roasted chicken.  I should have ordered this instead.  Like many others have said, the chicken was delicious.  They opted to order it with tomato rice but it was dry.  I paid no attention to it and easily finished the other halves of their chicken. Service was fast and prices were reasonable.  They did screw up the tomato rice order but it was promptly fixed.  The interior is dated and reminded me of an old-school diner, but that had no effect on my experience there. I would dine here again if I was in the area and wanted a good chicken meal."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Juliana C.', '5', "I remember coming here as a kid with my family, but for some reason I haven't been back since I was in middle school. Was in need of some lunch and had a hankering for dry noodles, so came to check this out again and was not disappointed! Got spring rolls as well and they were also delectable. Like this place over Nam Vang."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim l.', '3', "Bf took me here for dinner Tuesday night. It seemed like a typical viet restaurant until I opened up the menu. The dishes ran from $9+! I am used to eating viet food down in OC for about 5-6 bucks a dish. My bf was raving about the mi here so I was excited the whole day about trying it out. Then when we were about to order he tells me we are getting hu tiue instead...so I was kinda bummed but I still wanted to try it out. The dish came out and it was pretty big. The shrimp was hella big, but I ain't that into shrimp. The other meat was ok. The noodles were on the dry side. I like my hu tiue a lil more oily. So ya not very impressed. But hey the bf still liked it a lot."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Minh V.', '4', 'If you\'re in the San Jose area (particularly around downtown), this is place to go if you want some really good Hu tieu Da Lat with soup on the side.  The prawns are 2x the size of "prawns" you would get at another Vietnamese restaurant.  The staff is pretty friendly, and this place gets quite packed during the lunch rush, so get there early, or be prepared to wait.   The only thing that irks me about this place is that the owner is sneaky, and automatically calculates in tip into your bill (somewhere between 20-25% of your bill).   I\'ve also noticed him tacking on an additional dollar here and there when ringing up the bill w/o any explanation.  BUT, he doesn\'t let his customers know this.  So, most people leave a few dollars on the table for tip, which means that they\'re actually getting around 30%+ tips...  He might also "accidentally" give you the incorrect change, so always double-check your change.  I\'m sure he\'s been gettting away with this hustle for years now, but some people have been catching on. The food here is excellent, but you really should calculate the bill yourself, then see the bill that comes to your table.. you\'ll be surpised about the difference in price  (example: I ate there last weekend with a friend, and we only got 2 bowls of Hu tieu that were each $5.50 with nothing else ordered, so total bill before tip should be ~$12..but when he rang up the bill, it came out to be $16.....)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trung V.', '5', "This place is a real hole in the wall so don't expect anything fancy before coming here. Just think of the Vietnamese equivalent for a Mexican taqueria.   I usually get the #49, Hu Tieu Nam Vang for $5.50. It's the same as the special except you get regular sized shrimp and no crab leg. The special is somewhere around $8 or $9 and the difference just isn't worth it to me. Plus I'm trying to save up the scrills for that jumbo sized spoiler on my car.  I get the broth on the side because I just think it tastes better but it's good as a soup too. I gave this spot 5 stars because I'd cry if they shut down. Any time I'm in the area and hungry, this is a choice spot for good cheap food."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eric T.', '4', 'Best place for noodle soup.  Portions are huge.  Broth is delicious and the are not skimpy on the meat, especially the tasty jumbo shrimps.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thao S.', '4', 'This place definitely has the best Hieu Tieu (w/ clear noodles) in the Bay Area! Having moved up here from San Diego, I\'ve been on the lookout for all my comfort food spots...especially for a place with yummy hieu tieu dai (clear noodles).  There are other spots that are decent, like Pho Lynn on W. San Carlos, but this is THE spot for hieu tieu. For me, I prefer it with the soup already added.  The flavor of the "dry/kho" version is really tasty too, with the broth added later for the soupy goodness.  The flavor is very rich and oh so legit! I\'ve also learned that the difference between "dac biet" and the normal (#46 i think) is that "dac biet" means a bigger bowl with more food. The service is friendly and familiar.  (Shout out to Kevin who knows my order!) The decor is typical "mom and pop".   The prices are on the expensive side for a bowl of noodle soup.  However, my  husband loves their rice dishes and thinks the portions are generous. Maybe that\'s where the ROI is better... ;) Overall, I LOVE the place...and will keep coming back for more.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Darlene D.', '4', "This place is owned by a family and they've been there since the 80's. I'll only order 2 items off of their menu, the rotisserie chicken (it's deep fried & the skin is super crunchy) with red rice and it comes with a side of salad or their infamous hu tieu. I don't order the normal hu tieu though, I usually ask for the chewier noodles and I also order it dry. When you order it dry it comes with a sauce drizzled on it that looks almost like soy sauce, but it's not. I usually ask for extra."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tu D.', '4', "A San Jose institution for yummy Vietnamese food. My husband actually took me here on our first date.  Yes, I'm very low maintenance.  And it hasn't changed since then.  That's why I only gave it 4 stars.  They could use a makeover. My favorite dish it the Hu Tieu Mi (noodle soup), but I get the soup part separate so that I can put A LOT of lemon, hoisin sauce, and chili sauce.  Yummy!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephen W.', '4', "Dalat is proof that Vietnamese restaurants aren't just about Pho! They feature a pretty good variety of dishes and at a great price to boot. I'm a serious fan of their satay noodles which come served slightly spicey with a heaping of fresh veggies ontop. Yum yum!! As a note - you don't really come here for the pho. The Pho here is mediocre at best. The real good stuff is all the other noodle soup options they have here. Cash only too, and I can't recall any ATMs nearby, so make sure you pickup your $ beforehand."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dat N.', '4', "Great place for chewy clear rice noodles (hu tieu dai) - best served dry (kho) w/ bowl of chiken broth on the side. Served with a giant prawn (more like a small lobster), thin slices of pork, usual asian condiments (garlic chives, bean sprouts, lemon, asian parsley), and a nice yummy soy based sauce served on the side.  hole in the wall place that's been here forever. Also check out: Pho Tau Bay off Keyes street for a similar dish (I think might be better) - has a quail egg, and huge bowl of broth on side with pork bone."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jonathan B.', '4', "This is my go-to spot for egg noodle. And it's somewhat hidden so you don't get the typical hangover crowds on Sunday mornings."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Danster L.', '3', "I use to come here all the time with my family. It was one of San Jose's 1st and oldest Vietnamese restaurants. The location has not changed but the food definitely has. The food is very mediocre now and I was not impressed at all. I normally had the grilled pork here but the meat became tough and lack flavor. I rarely go here nowadays because it seems so empty and none of my friends don't wanna go here at all either."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mr. T.', '4', "Even though the standards have dropped since I was a tiny lil kid 20 years ago, It's still regarded as the best damn Hiu Tieu house. EVEN WITH THE MSG!!! My usual...and I recommend it... Hiu Tieu Tom Cua Dai Kho, Ask for the broth to be separate and the sauce separate bowls. That's how us REAL PROS eat it. hahaha...  It's a ghetto place downtown, but I damn well want to take my girlfriend there. Just for the heck of it."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Esther F.', '4', "Came here for the first time with family to meet some old family friends and the place is a hole in the wall for sure.  But a good hole in the wall.  My dads friend could not stop raving about how great the food was he recommended almost everything on the menu to us.  He went on to say that SJPD is always eating here so it must be good because cops always know the good places to eat.  Right when finished saying that two cops walked in the door.  SO Im thinking ok this has got to be as good as he says.  Every one ordered something different.  I ended up ordering the Da Lat Claypot, I was super pleased with what my server brought out for me.  First he gave me some soup that had vegetables and shrimp.  The broth was really good,  I put a bunch of chili and oil in and and choked with every spoonful.  So good! But that wasn't the best part, the best part was when my clay pot came.  The pot had everything!  Chicken, mushrooms, steamed brown rice, clear noodles and diced up shrimp.  It was delicious all on its own but i like spicy stuff so i loaded on the chili flake and oil.  Found some Hoisin and I was in heaven.  All eyes were on me because my dish looked the best out of everyone's (of course).  I tried my moms sweet and sour chicken and it was nice and crispy and tangy.  But I liked my clay pot better :) I will be back in the very near future to try some other things on the menu!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Beth W.', '3', "We decided to try this place out based on the recommendation from someone I work with.  He really likes the shrimp noodle soup (which is what he always orders at Vietnamese restaurants) but does not venture too far away from that.  His wife has tried other things on the menu. The hubby went for the seafood soup with noodles and said it was ok...more like a C+ compared to other Vietnamese places we've eaten at.  I am really picky about my soup as I feel the broth makes or breaks the soup.  Instead, I decided to try a non-soup dish and was delighted with it.   The dish was kind of like a chop suey version with a variety of veggies sauted in a tomato sauce...very tasty!  This went very well with the steamed rice we ordered.  The next visit, I tried a stir fried noodle dish and it was delicious as well.  The hubby and our son tried the soup with noodle (seafood for both) and the rating was a C+ again. Yes, this place is a hole in the wall but that should not stop you from trying it out.  There are tons of other places to go for far superior soup with noodles in San Jose but try the rest of the menu.  The two downsides to this place is limited street parking and its cash only!!!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brad N.', '3', "Pretty good, but not amazing. I had one of the few hu tieu's with meat: Cambodian Noodle Soup for $4.50 without shrimp. It had a nice flavor but was rather quite small. I would've gladly paid an extra $2 for more noodles, meat, and broth.  Not worth going out of the way for. 3.5 stars."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anne J.', '2', "For Sunday lunch two of us got the mi da lat  - one ordered 'wet' and one dry with the soup on the side.  The dishes didn't look or sound at all like the raves of other Yelpers. The were both served up dry and meager - a little pile of noodles, a single small shrimp, a single small crab claw.  We got one smallish plate of bean sprouts to share.   Since other tables around us were more generously served, we figure we got the white-guy-won't-know-better treatment.  Another in our party tried the praised fried chicken and found it dry and uninspiring. Granted, the food DID taste good and was fresh.  But not great and certainly not meriting superlatives. Restroom was dirty. Noisy and hard to carry on conversations over the conversations of neighboring tables.  It was a chance to try something new.  Feeling no need to return."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '5', "Can't go wrong with their Hu Tieu Mi Dai (chewy) Kho.  Come in expecting to pay $10+ for the bowl, but it's definitely the best in SJ.  A little difficult to find parking during busy hours and cash only.  Enjoy!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'James K.', '4', 'You know, the hell with all you Chardonnay sipping, napkin on the lap wearing, seared-this-and-that lovers.  GIVE ME THE HOLE-IN-THE-WALL ANYDAY! Okay, just kidding, well only slightly. If you love don\'t ask, don\'t tell policies, then Dalat is your place.  Just order, eat and enjoy.  And enjoy you will.  Hey, I brought the Little Man with me....would I endanger the life of the next generation for my own un-healthy obsession with hole-in-the-walls (don\'t answer that)?  Besides, half the places I\'ve eaten in Korea (may be more than half) wouldn\'t pass the health inspection if you bribed the inspector....I\'d still go to these places in a heartbeat.  That\'s just me (my gastroenterologist might ask me for a waiver though). Okay, in terms of the nitty gritty, I ordered the Hu tieu Da Lat with the noodles wet.  It was great, one of the better seafood noodle soups I\'ve had, although from the looks of things, I should have ordered the noodles dry.  My bad, but still good.  I ordered a small Beef Ball Noodle Soup for the Little Man, who slurped it up in about 15 minutes.  He said it was "mah shi dah" (good) which is good enough for me. I do have to go back to sample the other dishes, but as things go, I was pleasantly surprised, one of those places that are a joy to try because it seems, at first glance, difficult to believe that good food can come from such humble places. But good food, sometimes the best food, do come from such places.  It\'s an accepted fact in all places other than the US.  Sigh. I need to start a venture fund for pojangmacha startups.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Krystal N.', '4', "This place has been open since before I was born! It is a hole in the wall kind of place, but you know those are the best kinds! They have the best hu tieu! The broth is light and delicious. The have huge prawns and tons of cha in there too, yummm! The food was good but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. It's not in the best part of time and parking was weird but it is a hu tieu lover must."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sam K.', '5', 'I tried this long ago ..4yrs. ago and it was horrible ... i got some spicy noodle dish and i told myself that I\'ll never eat there again. Well, i went there again and ate what my gf recommended, " .. #48 ...dry ..."   I am not a fan of seafood soup dishes but i agreed to it since I am not one to judge w/out trying.  So, I mimic whatever my gf put into the dish and .... zomg! it was sooo good, I\'ve never had anything so delish, it hit all the flavor zones on my tongue. So, if you go to dalat, stick w/ what it\'s known for and don\'t try anything else!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phat N.', '5', 'I Order the same thing every time i come. Hu Tieu w Clear Noodles. Its so good i never try ordering anything else. Great Great Great and Cheap. Decor 2 Stars Service 4 Stars Food 5 Stars Price 5 Stars']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', "I've been coming here since I was a little kid and til this day I still love coming here. I take my friends here a lot and they love it. The service is quick and it is affordable. I love eating Hu Tieu Da Lat.. but dry. Have the soup seperate. ITS DELICIOUS. My dad usually orders the new york steak and even he loves it too!  Mmmm.. i'm craving hu tieu already."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Runa T.', '4', "I came here with a friend who's a regular here. It's definitely a delicious noodle joint!! I live near willow glen and have not found a good pho place (without havin to go all the way to the eastside) til now. This is also close to SJSU which is great for me. The only negative thing is that the area is kinda sketchy (I was followed by a homeless man asking for money when I was already in my car..) and the restaurant is kinda hard to see from the street since its a small place so keep your eyes peeled!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linh A.', '3', "Came here with a couple of goons - one of them ordered for me so I don't know what dish he ordered but it was the dry version of what this place is special for the dish was really good  ---- the prawns were HUGE and tasty as well, so was the crab claw - i thoroughly doused my noodles with the sauce and added a bit of lemon and i was a happy camper i was going to give this place four stars but I recently heard that a friend found half a cockroach in her soup...... so i docked off a star. i was a fan until she told me that.... now i don't know if i'd go back....."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Franklin C.', '3', "I went to this restaurant after school w/ a friend. She recommended it. I had the Bun Bo Hue. I don't recommend it at all. Anybody dare to try and and tell me its better than other restaurants can do so. It doesn't even have the familiar taste of Bun Bo Hue. You know something is really off. I think a lot of people like this place because its close to campus. I'm rating it 3 stars solely on the meal I had, not ambiance or anything else."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alison N.', '4', "I am a HUGE fan of pho noodle soup. My favorite is the beef pho. The broth is incredibly delicious and tasty.  My brother also got the Cambodian style soup and that might have been even better then the beef pho! The Cambodian style soup had shrimp, pork, chicken, and fishcake and the broth had a mellow taste to it.  The other dish that is worth trying is with prawns. I don't remember the name, but I know the broth is sweet tasting and it comes with HUGE prawns. Well worth it!  Great place for groups hanging out. I saw a huge family eating together with a bunch of kids. Incredibly casual, welcoming, but if it's busy the waiters will be preoccupied (typical of any restaurant)."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Soozie H.', '3', "Good GAWD, this restaurant STILL exists?!  My sister loves this place for their egg noodles and dragged me here when I told her I was craving for some rolls (i.e., Nem cuon, Bo Bia cuon, etc..)  This place has been around for a decade it seems and the owner's are still sitting at the cash register!  They look the same +20 yrs give or take....It hasn't changed in any way and the food is still consistent and cheap... The rolls were blek..I have had better elsewhere but my sister's egg noodle soup was divine cuz she INHALED it without offering me a try! HA!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex F.', '4', "#46 Dalat Special with clear noodles dry style, definitely a bowl of pure deliciousness! just put a scoop of chili oil, couple squirts of sriracha, a dab of hoisin, mix with their sauce already added in the bowl, and you got yourself some good eats my friend. oh did i mention their broth is very light and yet flavorful? but -1 star cause of the service and price. don't get me wrong it wasn't horrible service, it was just a lack of common sense. we all ordered some banh xeo and egg rolls to share and after having to ask them twice for some plates, she then brings the table of 4 people only TWO bowls instead?! also even though it was good, the four dalat specials and two appetizers was like $65 not even including tip! but i ain't going to lie, i'll still definitely be back for some more!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Doug ..', '3', 'i like this place.  its dirty. the food is fast.  and its delicious.  parking situation is werid and they close early.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sasha S.', '1', 'Bleh.... its food. And the smell of Comet cleaner/bleach killed my appetite...']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katie T.', '4', "The dry seafood clear noodle is very good. I haven't encountered dry Vietnamese noodles here in the bay."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy V.', '5', 'I love their dried "hu tieu dai Da Lat", served along with a small bowl of soup. I have also tasted their "mi Da Lat", very delicious. These two are my favorite, although my friend said their "pho" tastes good also.  Parking can be a problem, but it\'s alright, it\'ll worth it at the end.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vicki C.', '4', "This place might not look like the best, cleanest, and stand out place there is, but their food really makes up for it. The only thing I have ever eaten or usually (meaning 99.9% of time order) is Bun Bo Hue. This was the first place my friend took me and introduced me to Bun Bo Hue. It is super good. The soup is so amazing. The first time I had it, the soup was too spicy for me to handle, but by now I can handle the heat. The soup warms up your entire body from head to toe. It's not the lightest meal to have but it is so satisfying. I wish there were more noodles and less of the meat and seafood, but that's my opinion because I love noodles. Other than that, the attire of this place is kind of dirty and loud at times but it adds to it's very laid back and casual atmosphere. Great Bun Bo Hue and hopefully I will try their famous clear noodle one day!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jason P.', '2', 'Wow! Not in a good way either. Got seated at a greasy table, and place looked...well, dirty. Ive been here before but never really noticed it. I ordered my hu tieu (dry) and ordered water. The waitress went straight to the back sink and filled my glass where the dishes were washed. Ugh! Tasted like pond water and left a nasty film or something in my mouth and on my teeth.  When the food was served, i noticed the owner picking her teeth with a tooth pick, mouth open and all like no one was around. She gave me this nasty look like.. what are you looking at? Kind of lost my appetite. The only good thing about the experience is that I was able to order Coke which I was trying to stay away from to stay fit.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cynthia T.', '3', "The Hu Tieu here is great! I mean it's not the best but it's one of the very few places in San jose that gives you the option of getting them dry. The extra sauce that they put on to keep the noodles most is what makes it. It adds depth and richnest to the broth that you wouldn't get if you ordered it with broth in it already.  I've never really tired anything else here so the rating is a little bias. There is very limited amount of parking and there are ALWAYS cops there. So if you get nervous around cops it isn't the place to be."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rob C.', '4', 'mom and pop feel with authentic flavors went for the special hu tieu, decided on wet instead of dry like most of the other reviewers, i would also consider $10 on the pricier side for the ingredients broth subtle and sweet, but you pretty much tailor it to your spice level anyway']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Justin T.', '5', "5 Stars baby! they deserves it. Live in San Jose for 14yrs, and always hearing Hu Tieu Nam Vang is the best, came there little bit pricey, small large bowl, doesn't looks special at all.  So I met my wife, and her cousin and family took us there a few times. They got one of the most special Hu Tieu kho even compare with pricey Vung Tau on Santa Clara. biggest jumbo shrimps, crap, etc...  they serve you for what you pay for. I never complains about pricing here. I usually go here for lunch with my wife every weekend. Highly recommended"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mr. AzzHole A.', '1', "This place's price is like a $1+ more for everything... for example... pho here is like 8 to 9 dollars.. come on now, thats too much for Pho.. especially when it does not taste that great....  Their rice place are also not vietnamese style? its more of a chinese style rice plate, i ordered a bbq chicken, and it came out like chinese style... i thot vietnamese food is supose to have their special marination, and come with the fish sauce, lettuce, carrots, and such... ? I dont think i would come here again... they charge too much for something that does not taste anything special than other pho places."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'StinkyTofu S.', '4', "Best sauteed mushroom chicken I ever had!!  It's a really saucy dish made with satay and thai sauce.  Add a little siracha, and  you got a super yummy rice plate for about $6.  Their dry noodles and the half a chicken ($7 something) are also great. stinky tofu"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'James J T.', '2', 'The worst egg noodle bowl I have ever had in my life for $10 for this house special bowl. If you want Vietnamese egg noodles, Go to Han Kee on Tully or Thao Tien in Grand Century or Kumako on Jackson for real Japanese one. I guess those 5-star reviews probably came from "Jumbo Prawns" even they\'re overcooked. I would never come back again.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Maivko L.', '3', 'After much hype about "jumbo shrimp" (#48) I decided to give it a try.  Soup hit the spot and their shrimp was indeed jumbo.  Not too oily or salty and very generous with their portions.  A little pricey for a bowl of noodles but then again this is the bay area.  Don\'t mistaken #42 for beef pho.  It\'s just a few meatballs and beef broth, no noodles.  Place is your average typical Vietnamese restaurant...not fancy and not very clean.  They only accept cash but there is an ATM machine inside.  I wouldn\'t mind visiting again and trying other dishes.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tony D.', '4', 'This place has the best tasting soup broth in my opinion.  I like the rice noodle with flank steak and brisket.   The place does need a face lift... its has pretty cheesy decor, the Big Mouth Billy Bass comes quickly to mind.   The price is right, the portions are good, and the people seem friendly. Note: the place fills up fast, you sometimes will have to wait until a table gets free.  Lunch hour sees a lot of college students and business people.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'John Y.', '5', "Ok, cmon guys.  I've been to about a 100 different Pho places but this is one of the best places I've been to for a particular dish they are famous for.... Mie noodle soup.  It's the freshest, with a real crab claw, pork, and jumbo prawns.  No Pho place makes it better, and fresher than this.  This restaurant has been there since the 80s!  With steady clientele. I'm a regular because its the best for this soup.  However, I have not tried the traditional pho there because the Mie is so irresistable.   Yeah its in a not so desirable area near San Jose State but its worth the drive.  Service is typical - order, eat , then leave.  But that's expected for a Pho place.   Go there.  The locals know its the best, and I've confirmed it.  Yeah it may look like a hole in the wall dive, but the fact that it is always busy, has it's ethnicity always predominantly present, is a testiment to its quality.  Don't miss it......"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brandon M.', '4', 'Best noodle in town.  I always get the "house special."  It\'s always delicious and fulfilling! It\'s located in downtown so parking can be tight around lunch or dinner time!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lyn Y.', '3', "This restaurant is very close to SJSU, but students are rarely seen here because of the price - it's a little above average for Vietnamese food, and the quality does not match the price.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the food, but did not find it phenomenal.  I think it may be popular because other Vietnamese restaurants may not often serve Hu Tieu noodles in this style.  I had the Da Lat special Hu Tieu noodle, dry style, and found the sauce sweet and a little cloying after a while.  I also tried one of their grilled pork and rice dishes, which was standard good, but again, nothing to rave about.  The decor is average for a non-fancy Vietnamese restaurant, clean enough and the service is good enough, but there are other Vietnamese restaurants in the area that probably have the same quality for a lower price.  I would eat here again, but out of convenience rather than craving."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'jay d.', '5', "I love this place! Summer time, winter time... anytime! Im literally eating here every weekend. I've tried about 5 things off of their menu but what keeps me coming back is the Number 48 soup. I dont know what its called but wow its delish! Sometimes I order to-go and when I drive home, which is 25-30 min away, the soup is still hot!  Everyone says keep an eye out on the old man that over charges you and everyone is right.. He does charge more than usual but I dont mind. Just dont leave a tip on the table and your all good. I dont mind paying extra for good ol comfort food.."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiang K.', '4', 'I don\'t know this part of San Jose well but fortunately someone else did the driving.  To summarize, large menu, large portions, great taste. I like my noodle soups in smaller portions and with a stronger flavor than what\'s available here so I went for the rice plate with grilled/shredded pork instead. It\'s the first time I\'ve seen the term "crushed rice" even though it was immediately identifiable.  There was a lot of everything and I liked it all.  The grilled pork was fattier than what I\'ve had before but it seemed to work here.  The thin soup that accompanied the meal was the best I\'ve had with Vietnamese rice plates anywhere. Unfortunately, this place only opens 7 am to 7:30 pm all week, so it doesn\'t make the late eats list.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancy N.', '5', "I've been going here since I was in Elementary school. My parents use to take us every weekend and I loved it. The Hieu Tieu till this day is still the best I've had! The shrimp are huge and the soup is flavorful. The chicken rice plate is also to die for. The portions are huge so be sure to come with a big appetite."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'sonya h.', '3', 'This place serves my favorite hu tieu (clear, chewy noodle). The ingredients tasted fresh but the only thing I didnt like was the broth.  I could that all the MSG.  I find them a lil pricy for noodle soup.  $8.95 for a large...not really worth it.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Matt K.', '4', "Thanks to Cathy N. who recommended this place to me. Finally got to try this place and I sure was not disappointed! I didn't know what to order so I pulled up a picture from Yelp of an egg noodle soup thing with a crab claw and prawn on top of it. The guy immediately knew what it was and within 5 minutes, I had a huge bag of boxes and cups and stuff to go. Seriously 5 different containers full of stuff. It was like unwrapping a Christmas present when I got home.  I have to say, the broth was amazing. So flavorful, not salty, no MSG super thirsty feeling afterwards. The egg noodles were PERFECT!!! And having a crab claw and jumbo prawn was the icing on the cake.  This place has the real authentic mom and pop feel, packed at lunch time today. I will be coming back to try the other dishes.  Oh yeah, cash only. =)"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'mike t.', '3', 'Their Hu Tieu is not bad. I had it with the noodles in the soup(Wet). Portions were great because I barely managed to finish it. The crab claw was nice and the shrimps are HUGE! @_@ and You get two of these with your order of Hu Tieu!  I have yet to try it with the soup on the side. You should also trytheir Soda Chanh (Lemon Soda) mmm!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'S W.', '4', "The Hu Tieu is really the best thing on this menu, and I still give this place 4 stars although the service is quite lackluster. It deserves 4 stars because for the price of the dishes, the overall quality and amount of meat is truly a deal. My sister had the pho before and thought it was ok; I've had the duck noodle soup before and it came with two huge thigh and leg pieces. I've seen so many people ordering the fried chicken (which is half a small chicken fried as one big piece), so I will have to try that next time."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hien D.', '2', 'This is the first time I\'ve come back here since 8 years ago. "Hu tieu dai" is always my favorite dish but Da lat restaurant is not in my regular route so I often end up eating it either at Vung Tau or Thien Long. "Hu tieu dai My Tho" at Vung Tau was very good, and it\'s very close to Da lat\'s hu tieu dai as I remembered from 8 years ago. Today after we finshed our Kidney walk in downtown SJ, I thought this is time to award myself. We went to Da lat and ordered 2 bowls of "hu tieu dai dac biet". To my surprise, the taste of this dish was so bad that I can\'t express enough of my disappointment. It was tasteless! The sauce was supposedly the most important ingredient of the dish but this one was far from acceptable. The restaurant also doesn\'t have shrimp cracker as another must-have ingredient of this special dish. The only positive thing were big prawns. But that one can\'t make up the missing ingredients of this dish. And the worse part: we got charged extra $1/bowl for chewy noodle instead of regular noodle which was not written anywhere in the menu. 1 star for big prawns and 1 star for fast service, that\'s very generous rating from me. Of course I\'m not going back here and would not recommend anyone to come here for "hu tieu dai"!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Loc N.', '2', "This restaurant used to be packed in the weekend (I'm talking 4-5 years ago).  I don't see much of that now.  Their Hu Tieu Da Lat also went south.  The broth is full of MSG and the bowl of Hu Tieu failed to stay warm half way through.  I can understand why their Hu Tieu was good back then when they are one of the very first restaurants that used Jumbo shrimp, crab craw to set themselves ahead of most other restaurants.  Nowadays, many other restaurants are serving the same with better presentation and better broth (less MSG it seems), Hu Tieu Da Lat really needs a major upgrade. Another thing owner(s) of Dalat Restaurant should keep in mind is that we need a clean place to eat.  This place is under average and I really don't want to mention what I found in by bowl my last visit.  Just enough for me and my friends to never come back again."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny P.', '5', 'Da best Hu Tieu in the bay area.  This place is one of the first Vietnamese restaurant in the area.  They\'ve been in business for over 30 years.  It\'s a couple blocks from SJSU.  Sometimes hard to find parking.   I usually come here for "Hu Tieu Dalat Dac Biet Kho". Food: 5 stars Service: 3 stars Cleanliness: 3 stars']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jonathan I.', '5', "I've been to dalat a handful of times and I can honestly agree that this restaurant holds up to having one of the best Vietnamese dishes I've tried. The food is served in only a number of minutes after being ordered and after trying a couple of dishes, I'm in love. I dont mind driving all the way from Hayward to the areas of sjsu to get me a filling rice plate with spring roll appetizers. Seriously a must go if you're looking to find some great Vietnamese food."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julie B.', '5', 'Tried this place for the first time.. the HU TIEU DAI DA LAT was incredible.. will definitely  go back. Julie']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eric L.', '3', 'Hu Tieu which is the specialty here is pretty good.  Make sure to get the "Special" aka Dac Biet with soup on the side.  Portion size is plentiful and pretty flavorful. My only knock is IMO its a little overpriced.  Also customer service isn\'t exactly the MO here.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wanugee N.', '4', "If you don't mind a dive, greasy spoon atmosphere, and if you appreciate good, authentic food at value prices, this is the place for you for Vietnamese noodles. They specialize in Hu Tieu type noodles, which are a bit different than Pho, and originated in the southern part of Vietnam in the Mekong delta area.  Usually it has seafood, most commonly shrimp or large prawns, with chicken and rice noodles slightly different than Pho. Its a good place for lunch. It is near San Jose State, and is well known as one of the best traditional Vietnamese noodle houses in the South Bay."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wendy T.', '5', "This place is SOOOO GOOD! It looks a little dirty but I swear their Hu Tieu is so worth it....must get it dry of course with extra sauce on the side! Squezze some lime and alot of chili sauce in it!!  Also get the Chinese donuts to dip it in the soup! They don't serve the Chinese donuts on the weekends and it can also get really packed during those days also. I always seem to bump into someone I know here..Like everyone else said parking is a pain!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim D.', '1', "Horrible experience. My husband and I went because I saw that they had good ratings and we were in the area. I ordered hu tiu da lat size small and my husband got mi vit tiem. My hu tiu was so plain and sad looking with nothing but cha chien and a shrimp, mostly noodles. His mi vit tiem did not taste like it was suppose to and the vit was old and not fresh. When I went to go pay at the register an old guy was there for check out and he just ignored and and went on and on talking in vietnamese to other people that worked there. After a a few minutes annoyed i finally told him in vietnamese that I need to pay so I can go. He messed up the check and and to have someone else help him with the register and came to find out my tiny little bowl of hu tiu was 9.50!!!! Are you kidding me? If it was really good I wouldn't be writing my first bad review ever on yelp right now. I felt like I got really ripped off. And the restaurant didnt even look clean. They weren't busy and there were dirty dishes in the cart that weren't even hidden. And people who worked there were talking loud in vietnamese gossiping about people. I felt like I was at a fish market in Vietnam. Will never ever come back."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'James B.', '3', "We had the seafood noodle soup they're popular for--it was o.k., definitely nothing special. The lemongrass chicken with rice tasted good and it was enough for two people--but again, nothing special. The prices are $1--3 more here than what I usually pay in Oakland and the quality isn't any better. The table service was good and efficient. CASH only."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rod C.', '3', "This is my wife's favorite restaurant in San Jose, so we go here often when we are back in the hood.  Our usual is Hu tieu Da Lat ... it tastes great, but a word of caution:  something in there doesn't usually sit well with me.  I usually get a stomach ache after eating this, but I've continued eating here for years ... probably 15 years.  Not sure if it's the food that keeps me coming back or peer pressure from my wife.  Maybe I should order the fried chicken and rice, that's always very good."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steven H.', '5', "Noodles are great here.  Service is quick and prices aren't bad either.  Their Hu Tieu/Mi Da Lat is the way to go.  They always include a crab claw and jumbo shrimp which is a nice addition.  This place gets crowded during lunch and weekend mornings so be aware!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tim T.', '4', "I really like this place. Their noodles are so good. I would always get the hu tieu and mi combo with seafood. DELICIOUS. I really miss eating here. The soup tasted amazing, everything always tasted as good as the last time I had it. Definitely worth trying if you've never eaten here!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jose L.', '5', "I'm here at least once a week. San Jose has plenty of Vietnamese options but this is some LEGIT stuff... I've never had anything I didn't like."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'stephen n.', '4', 'This place and the food is great! i came here a few times with friends/family. Most of the food is great and inexpensive.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '3', "I feel bad giving this place 3 stars, because someone ordered for me, and ordered the wrong thing! Boo. I hated my meal, but I'm sure that this isn't because of the restaurant."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ryan L.', '4', "yo. 1)  Hu tieu Da Lat with soup on the side /thumbs up 2) parking on the weekends /thumbs down 3) its a small place :( but if your willing then wait the food isn't so bad  4) make sure you have cash./thumbs down 5) JUMBO SHRIMPS /thumbs up dope"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'M Z.', '5', "OMG I love the food here! Clay pot catfish, clay pot rice, and some grilled pork dish over rice, plus the hu tieu with ginormous aquatic specimens (that's a good thing).  Pretty fast and friendly service, and portions are huge. If you dare, get a fried egg on top of whatever rice and meat dish you're having, then break the yolk  and eat! Heart attack heaven. Parking a little funkdafied, oh well...not bad enough to keep me away."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Robert F.', '4', 'My friends recommended the fried chicken and hu tieu.  The fried chicken is deep fried without being greasy.  The staff is busy but the staff is friendly when they get to you.  The restaurant would be nicer if it was remodeled/cleaned up.  Parking around the restaurant is tricky - there are some lots that you have to go up the curb, the side street is by permit only (read signs).']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jason T.', '3', 'I\'ve been eating at Da Lat for over 10 years.   In that past decade, I\'ve only tried about 3% of their menu.  Why?  Because there\'s only TWO dishes I eat there:  (1) #73 Com Ga Ro Ti aka Fried Chicken w/ Rice and  (2) #48 Hu Tieu - Seafood Noodle.  I put in a custom request for my seafood noodles (try it the next time you\'re there):  #48 with Combination Rice & Egg Noodles, Dry (no soup), Extra Fried Onions,  Extra Sauce on the Side.  It\'s freak\'n AWESOME! Besides the food, there are other things that aren\'t too worthy to mention.  It\'s a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant.  Dark, a bit dirty, old furniture, semi-acceptable service, and an old man at the register who likes to "rip you off." As others have mentioned, "the dad" will tack on an extra fee here and there.  So don\'t tip unless the service and/or food was beyond exceptional and you feel like a donating to the cause.  What cause you ask?  The cause of MAKING AWESOME CHICKEN AND NOODLES! I gave it 3 stars only because 3% of the menu is actually worth trying.  They tend to deep fry everything else (like pork chops, wtf?).']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Frank L.', '5', "Ahhhhh Da Lat my favorite Hu Tieu place. If you don't mind eating at a hole in the wall restaurant then this is the place for you. I've been here many times since I went to San Jose State. I always end up ordering the Hu Tieu Da Lat, either dry or wet. Sometimes both if I'm feeling extremely hungry. The jumbo shrimp looks like a freak of nature (its a good thing). They have a waiter that is pretty flamboyant and for some reason he always cracks me up. You'll know what I'm talking about when you go. 5 stars for the best noodles in San Jose"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chrisjan Y.', '5', "This is one of the best seafood food soup's around town. We come here at least once a week. and last week I ate there 3 times. It doesn't help I wasn't feeling too good, and I need some soup to make me feel better. The number 48 with the huge prawns is the best! Half a chicken and rice is good too."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Seila K.', '4', 'Pretty good place. I really like the jumbo prawn rice noodle soup here.  Tons of stuff (meats, seafood, etc), although I do like the one from Vung Tau a little bit better (might have to do with the crab cracker though)']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenn N.', '5', "It's kind of hidden and they don't have a parking lot. So you'll have to find street parking. But they have the best hu tieu ever. With a real crab claw and 2 huge shrimp or 1 if you get the smaller bowl. I always eat here whenever I come back home. Although, I haven't tried any of their other dishes but I've heard it's not as great as their hu tieu."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hugh L.', '4', "I've only tried 1 dish at this place and i cant seem to stray from it because i love it so much.  I get the Hu tieu Da Lat with soup on the side, extra noodles and extra sauce.  Delicious.  Sometime i will crave it and drive from sf.  They got to have a place in Sf that makes that dish.  If anyone knows, let me know.  only downside about this place is that it can be cleaner."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'huong d.', '4', "oldie but goodie :)\r   i've been going to this restaurant since i was wee high (and that's a long time ago).  \r   the food is just like home cookin'.  good sized portions. i love the clay pot rice (com tay cam).  \r   give it a try, ya might just like it!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Manuela F.', '4', "Dalat Restaurant was a family favorite and we've been going here for the past 20 years and this place is amazing! They've cleaned it up quite a bit and it's not the hole in the wall it used to be, which in a sick way I kinda miss. This place is great though!!!! They have awesome seafood pho... yummy!!! Although it is really pricy in comparison to other Vietnamese places. The difference is they use real seafood, huge pranwns, real crab legs. Worthwhile but $100 for 5 and remember cash only."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'RW G.', '4', 'I too had Hu tieu Da Lat with soup on the side.  It was delicious!!!  Everything was full of flavor and came out piping hot.  I would go there again and again!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancy B.', '4', 'The hu tieu is excellent here. I got it dry with a bowl of soup on the side. They give EXTRA JUMBO shrimps. Get the #47 (Hu Tieu Dac Biet) and you will be satisfied. I had it for the first time yesterday for lunch and wanted it again for dinner. Super good noodles!']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vy N.', '5', 'The best place for Hu Tieu Kho! The hu tieu kho da lat is Hellaa good! With extra lemon and sauce plus some chili paste! Plus the soup is ALWAYS HOT unlike other places.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'M G.', '3', "Been here forever and I am a little biased because I don't care for prawns.  My friends tend to go for egg-noodle soup with prawns and I went for the pork on rice plate with fried egg  which wasn't bad at all.  The restaurant is pretty beat-up looking but price is right and food is consistent."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'CutieCat T.', '4', "This place is small and dirty but the noodles are really delicious. I can't comment on other dishes as I always get the noodle soup.  I don't go here often but whenever I make it there, the noodles never disappoint. I get the special combination with jumbo prawns and crab. Still tastes as good as it did when I was a kid. The broth is absolutely perfect. Yum!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yelp S.', '5', 'Please check this place out.  Great food and a nice family owns it. The lemon-soda is really refreshing.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'janice b.', '4', 'although fd yummy is my number one place for hi tieu. i like this place for their clear noodles. the little man ( 3 yrs old) came here for lunch yesterday and had a good meal. he just wanted meat and rice so they made him the perfect little plate with what he asked for. and yes he finish all of it. so it was good for him too.   little more pricey than other places but overall food hits the spot. lol.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'tee t.', '5', 'Hu tieu and com ga chien are simply the best here. Mi kho and steaks are also to die for. My mouth is watering just thinking about it... Also try their che thai. You will keep coming back for more.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jose C.', '5', 'i been going to dalat for years and mean years i mother took me there when i was five now im 28.....but now that i live in so cal it really sucks because nothing compares to dalat......so hopefully i get to stop in this weekend so i can eat some pho and some short ribs....yum....i dream of dalat...... thanks']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'T K.', '5', "I'm not a big fan of hu tieu, but DaLat changed all of that in one sitting. How have I not found this place before? I ordered a small bowl of hu tieu, non-clear noodles, dry, and it was wonderful. I'll be back for more."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'T Is For Tom N.', '4', "Despite the run down look of this place, it's extremely well known for their hu tieu (noodles). The nice thing about this place is that they always carries the same quality for their foods even through the course of years they have been open. Honestly, when I come here and eat this year it still taste the same as a couple of years ago. I definitely am a person who appreciate great quality food, decent service with an very reasonable price. I always get the combination hu tieu when I come here (the dry style) and it's always so mouth-watering."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim D.', '4', "this has to be my go to place for hu tieu (clear kind) kho.  although they probably do use MSG i still like it. flavors are good and no where else makes it like them.  i think every table you look at everyone is having a bowl of this or at least one person per table.  typical asian service where they really don't greet you and they sound like they're yelling to one another but they're not. it looks shady and stuff but of course places like these just means it's authentic. one bowl makes me pretty darn full and they fill it w/ a lot of meats compared to other places."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'LL d.', '5', "I love this place. One of the best noodle soup place in town! Parking stinks but it's worth it to truck downtown for this place."]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Helen V.', '5', 'My husband and I both agree that this is the absolute best place for authentic, super yummy noodle soup (rice or egg noodles & dry or in soup).  Portions are good, with huge prawns, crab claws, etc.  Whenever we go to San Jose, this restaurant is a must stop for us.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tracy N.', '2', 'I used to come here alot.  It had the best "hu tieu" in town, but not anymore.  I went there last week, and the "hu tieu dac biet kho" was very plain.  I could only taste the soy sauce.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'yumm y.', '4', "solid 4.5 stars but parking is really sucky (like everywhere downtown), its cash only, and after reading other reviews i realized i probably have been shafted by the old guy giving change every time i go. this is one of those places where you really just need to order their special dish and everything else is subpar or even worse. i try to clarify with anyone i take here but sometimes they don't listen and i see the look of disappointment and food envy as they stare at the yummy food in front of me and the bowl of water and questionable beef scraps in front of them. this place is all about the hu tieu- seafood soup with medium-sized clear noodles with a GIANT jumbo shrimp, crab claw, fish cake, cilantro, fried shallots and their special sauce on the bottom.  they will ask you if you want it wet or dry style.  since i had no clue what that meant, your vietnamese friends will yell at you to get it dry...which means the broth on the side. apparently this is the way to go b/c they consider the wet style (giant bowl of soup with the stuff thrown on top)...to water down the flavor of all the seafood etc.  $7.95 for yummy goodness. you can just throw the broth back into the bowl if you like soup.  also you can get egg noodles instead but i like the clear noodles.  oh and you can ask for extra sauce on the side. compared to alot of noodle soup joints, this place is really not that dive-y.  and the food is soo worth it, just remember to go for their specialty!"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'cynthia l.', '5', 'we called it the "big prawn" place, because of their special ("dac biet") noodles. has big prawn, crab pawn and pork meat over either rice, egg and / or clear noodle. dry or in soup.']
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tony R.', '5', "The only thing I ever eaten here is the hu tieu! There are no other restaurants in U.S even the ones  in Viet Nam can compare to this place. Just order Hu tieu Dalat kho with extra sauce on the side and you'll know why this place is awesome. It's kinda expensive for hu tieu though. I think it's like $8 a bowl"]
['dalat-restaurant-san-jose', 'huan v.', '4', 'great place for early bird. you see, i would start my day waking up around 5 am. meaning, around 9 or 10 am i would get really hungry. most restaurants wont open until 9.30 or 10 am. and if they do open, their food selections are limited. just ate Hu Tieu Da Lat, the soft kind, and loving it. it comes in two varieties, the soft kind and the chewy kind. my preference is the soft kind. maybe because i grew up here and dont know much about authentic vietnamese foods but my meal so far is perfect. i give it a 4 stars because i have not tried all of the menu selection.  i always take my food to go, and eating on the go, so i dont know how it would be if i sit down and eat. i hope this review is helpful. i will continue to update my reviews as i visit this place again.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', "You know this place is bomb when out-of-towners come here time and time again to bring food back home.  This is my favorite spot for banh mi and banh gio. THEY DONT SKIMP ON QUALITY OR QUANTITY. I usually get banh mi cha (since cha is their specialty) but I recently tried the vegetarian and was blown away. So glad I have another choice during lent lol The workers are there to get you in and out, fast and efficient. I've ordered ahead a few times when we had banh mi cravings at work and they get the orders right every time. Did I mention their butter mayo is the best I've ever eaten? Yummm buhhh"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Langdon N.', '5', "Hands down best sandwich spot in all of Northern California! My favorite is the Banh mi dac biet (combination cold cuts) with the garlic butter brushed on top! It's the beat of it's kind! The Cha lua is the most flavorful that I've ever had! In all honesty, these sandwiches are so delicious that I always find myself eating more than one!  Try for yourself and you will not be disappointed!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Louis N.', '5', "This is THE best place to get Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi). Be sure to get the garlic butter spread on top too! The prices are fair, especially since you get so much in the sandwich. Be warned...the jalapeños are always super spicy. I come here almost weekly. It's a must try in San Jose!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ahmad J.', '4', "The San Jose Vietnam Town area has about 5 Banh Mi sandwich shops in along a 2-block stretch. Duc Huong Gio Cha Sandwiches is one of the more popular ones and is present in the strip mall with Lion Supermarket directly opposite the Vietnam Town mall.  It basically has two sizes of sandwiches large ($5) and small ($2.50). I generally get 2 small sandwiches with vegetables on the side which is enough for a meal. It is cash only and people here speak English so ordering is not a hassle. Orders numbers are called out in both Vietnamese and English so pick up is also smooth. Obviously, it is cash only.  The only thing that I personally don't like is that their bread is not crispy but soft. I like my Banh Mi sandwiches to be crispy (like Lee's which incidentally is in the next strip mall). If you like soft Banh Mi sandwiches you will like this place, I however prefer to drive to Huong Lan Sandwich which is still my favorite Banh Mi shop in San Jose. Another 3.5 stars rounded up to 4 rating."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ray K.', '5', 'Great place with lot of sandwiches and desert fresh made here. Definitely is a great price with $5 sandwiches for large']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Oanh L.', '4', "A solid 4 star Banh Mi place. Better than Lee's , Thanh Huong, Huong Lan and Phat Tri/Banh Mi oven. I'd definitely come back. If there's other places you'd like to try that's just as good I'd recommend Cam Hung in Sunnyvale. The price is so cheap at $2.50 for a mini and $5.00 for a large. I only need one mini to feel satisfied!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Rachelle C.', '5', "When you walk in there's that amazing smell of freshly baked bread everytime because they are constantly baking more! There's a nice variety of bahn mi selections and you're always going to get fresh bread :) people are constantly coming in to just get the bread itself too. They also have the option to get the veggies on the side so the bahn mi doesn't get soggy. Great quality and very delicious. It's $5 for a large and if you buy 4 larges you get 1 free! Super worth it!  Definitely my favorite place for bahn mi."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Vicky T.', '1', "I don't know what's worse...sitting at SFO airport because the power shut off in my airplane and we all had to deboard after sitting on the hot plane with no air circulation for 30minutes OR unwrapping the special combination banh mi from duc huong gio cha to realize they put basic grocery store boxed ham in their banh mi! What the heck?! If I knew I was getting Oscar Meyer ham in my sandwich I would have purchased a lunchable. Not a happy customer....especially since I waited 20mins in line for this place! UGH!!!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Diana P.', '5', 'This is my favorite sandwich place! They made fresh bread every 30 minutes. They are known for their Cha Lua, steamed pork cake rolls. They are $5 for a roll. I also liked the fact that they have a buy five large sandwiches, get 1 free deal. You can ask for the pickled vegetables on the side. Secret menu item: garlic bread!  They have desserts and drinks in the fridge too.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Phuong T.', '5', 'Banh mi, cha lua, banh bao, omg I can so eat it all! Hands down, they have best banh mi in the states! Bread is freshly made there and you can tell the quality of the meat and veggies are super fresh. They even have them in these cute mini size which it prefect for the little ones!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jasmine H.', '4', "Fresh bread, amazing sandwiches at great price. Cash only.  Parking is a b*tch in this plaza, but this place is worth the hassle.  Definitely try the shredded pork skin sandwich, grilled pork sandwich, and if you are into it, the fish patty sandwich.  Get the large sandwich(starting at $5), because you deserve it. The small one ain't gonna be enough.  Buy 4 sandwiches, get one free. If you are in luck, and the bread is fresh out of the oven, get some plain loaves, you won't regret it. I love this place, I don't even like bread."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Elvis N.', '5', "Awesome place for bánh mì on the east side setting itself from the competition on every block through their fresh, crunchy yet chewy bread. I'd pick this place over Lee's, Banh Mi Oven (formerly Phat Tri), Huong Lan, and any other place within 10 miles.  Favorites in order:  - Dac Biet - Thit Nuong - Korean Spicy Pork Meats are all flavorful and in good proportion to the bread, veggies taste fresh, and there's just the right amount of pate. Again, that bread? Killer. I'd eat that buy itself.  Tip: Buy 4 large sandwiches and get 1 free. Awesome deal considering that's like a little over $4 each after tax. Only con would be the lack of parking and the wait, but not a huge deal. 5/5."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Gessa C.', '5', "This place is poppin. Buy 4 get one free sandwiches so all the locals are standing in line grumpy as heck. The flan wasn't that good. We had the #2 and #3 and I tried the #6 but didn't really like it. Meatball tastes raw but it wasn't."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'K L.', '5', "They have the best sandwiches and best deal in San Jose as of right now, most of the other shops quality of food has gone down or prices are being raised. The quality of cha, bua, and pate is fresh and delicious here. Great customer service tanga a PLUS. Did I mention you buy 4 get one free. Yup make your money's worth as well :) Definitely recommend, note that you can call in to make a phone order. This is always pack I mean like line out the door pack!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ron K.', '4', "When it comes to pho joints they are always easy to remember and understand the names for whatever reason.  Phoever, pho 24 and 69, kobe pho, and pho wagon.  Must be white guys coming up with the marketing strategies.  With Bahn Mi I'm lucky if I can remember even one of the syllables and that's why I need to bookmark them all on yelp to find them.  This is one of those places where I can't pronounce or tell you the name, but I know if I want authentic Banh Mi in the east side then I heading over this way. This place has no seating so be prepared to either eat in your car or steal a table at the corner eatery next door.  There is always a long line so if you are pressed for time you might want to hold off coming here.  There are two other places a block away that never have lines but they also don't have as tasty sammy's.  Now when you walk in you may be overwhelmed by all the things they sell here.  I've been to Vietnam but I don't recognize half the things they sell here so this review is going to be a bit limited to what I know and have tried and have an opinion.   For vegetarians they only have one choice which if you have been to a lot of Viet spots the word you are looking for is Chay.  That's the green lite it's a veggie item.  What's cool about this place is on their veggie banh mi they use no mayo so if you are like me and hate anything mayo the automatically made that way for you.  The veggie Mi is made up of tofu and mushrooms mixed in with some fresh veggies such as daikon, carrots and the key is the spicy jalapenos they throw in the mix.  I always ask to double the jalapenos. Prices used to be a steal at $2 for small and $4 for large but in the last year or so they have increased the prices.  The small is is still reasonable at $2.50 and if you are in snack mode this is the perfect size.  For $2.50 more  you get the large which is a good portion if you are in hungry mode. The large is is I think more than double the small.   Service is a little difficult here because the employees don't understand English very well (surprise surprise we are in little Vietnam town) but in my case I've had some issues with my orders.  I ordered a large one time and ordered me a small.  granted she did charge me for the large size but I didn't notice and the tiny receipts they give you need to be stored in a safe place because when i saw my smaller banh mi I told them I ordered a large and they want you to prove that to them with the receipt.  Thank god I found the little guy in my car with the other 100 papers I collect over time and was able to pay up to get the bigger size.  They did make a new one up in no time. So how do these veggie guys taste.  Overall close to 5 stars good.  The bread is great nice and crunchy on the outside and then moist inside.  The veggies get the inside bread in parts a bit soft but if you eat them right away is best.  The tofu mushroom mix is excellent and the veggies mixed in are also fresh.  My only complaint is they mix in some kind of sweetness to marinate the veggies.  I know if hot Vietnam it works but for my taste it's a little sweeter than I like.  Overall it's not a deal breaker and overall I really like them a lot.  So a solid 4.5 Star experience overall given the little quirks going on.  If you have time to wait check this place out when you happen to be in this part of town."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'K P.', '2', "This rating is for their service and quality at the end of the day around 7pm. We ordered 2 mini/small banh mi. We were waiting to pick up and they ran out of the small buns. They said we can order 2 large sandwiches and pay the difference. I didn't have extra cash and we didn't want that much food.  Felt rushed and opted for 1 big sandwich. Went home and found they they skimped on the meat. Like the same amount of meat for a small stuffed sandwich bun.  Since they opened, the large sandwich prices went up (used to be almost a $1 cheaper and tax included with price) and the Viet coffee is up by $1 to $1.50 and taste like it's from a pre-mixed package. The taste/quality of the Xa Xiu (BBQ pork) banh mi is a hit or miss now...time to fine another banh mi place."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Christina L.', '4', "When you see a line and a ton of people going in and out of a store, you know they've got something good going on. I landed in this parking lot because I had time to waste and wanted to check out the Lion Grocery store, except they're redoing the parking lot and I had to park by this sandwich shop. Serendipity! I watched so many people go in and out of this place. I ordered the Korean BBQ meat. It was pretty flavorful. I wanted to try the other sandwiches, but didn't have an ice chest or stomach space, so got the sandwich that would take the most effort to make. Indeed it took ~15 minutes, so should've ordered earlier instead of watching others order before me. Sandwiches are on the $ side with each large sandwich being $5 and $2.50 for half. I haven't tried the other sandwiches yet, but would love to come back and do so."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Steven D.', '5', 'By far one of the best and the only place ill go for sandwiches. Their bread is consistently delicious and baked fresh daily. Bread at other sandwich spots can be rock hard. All of their meats and fillings are high quality. They offer a wide variety of sandwiches from traditional Vietnamese to chicken avocado. I have them add an egg to all of my sandwiches.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Darlynn T.', '1', 'This place is a nightmare. They don\'t even deserve 1 star... The staff are rude, disrespectful, and awful! The first time I went here, I was behind a grandma visiting from LA. She bought 30 banh mi\'s to bring back home and asked if there was a box to help her carry everything out. The girl behind the register literally yelled at her saying, "Are you crazy? If you buy that much, what can we sell?" Um... WHAT THE F? It even sounded more malicious in Vietnamese! For my Viet folks reading this, she said this, "Ba co khung khong? Ba mua het banh mi thi tui lay gi ban?" Where are your manners? Shame on you. Even kindergarteners behave better! The second time I was here, which was literally this morning, I bought 16 baguettes and wanted to buy cha lua (ham). They said cha lua wouldn\'t be ready until 12:30pm, so I settled with buying bi heo (shredded pork skin). I went over to the market next door to buy some groceries and when I went back to my car, I saw a glimpse of cha lua in the shop!!!!! What a bunch of liars! It was around 10am at this point and 15 minutes since I bought the bi heo, so I went back in to ask if I can exchange the bi heo for cha lua. The girl behind the register said I needed a receipt for the exchange, which I didn\'t have. And despite being there 15 minutes prior, she still refused to do anything. To make my experience worst, I came home with 15 baguettes instead of 16.... It was never my intention to have a yelp for writing bad reviews, but I can\'t stand their lack of manners and integrity.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jay L.', '4', 'We stopped here for Cha Lua and rolls. We got the small roles and a big Cha Lua for our drive back to Texas. The bread and meat are fantastic with great flavor. The bread has crisp outside and soft inside and is not to bready(if that makes sense). The Cha Lua was spiced well, fresh and flavorful.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Go Woon R.', '5', 'So good! Five stars from me!  Generous amount of meat and fluffy bread!  I like this place because  1. They show their kitchen. Seems like no shady cooking involved therefore. Kitchen goes pretty deep towards inside/back, and still I am able to see what people do in the kitchen.  2.high level of cleanliness. At least employees working at cashier were wearing gloves, and they made sure they wiped the table if they dropped some food on the counter. Witnessed employees cleaning counter four times while I was waiting in line for my food.  3. Always crowded with people. I visited this place on Saturday afternoon, and people were constantly going in and out of this shop! There must be a reason WHY people are always in line for their food. No?  4. Food is clean and good. Nothing to complain about. Sandwiches there are worth $$$$']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'MandP H.', '4', "Had their banh mi dac biet with the garlic bread the other day and it totally hit my banh mi craving. I like that the cucumber tasted fresh and crunchy, there wasn't too much pate or mayo either. Their cha luas are the best in SJ."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Susanna C.', '3', 'I came here to buy the full sandwiches before and they were delicious. So I decided to order from here for my engagement party lunch. What a mistake.... I got a variety of the smaller size banh mi and they all came unappetizing. The meat was skimpy and vegetables skimpy. Nothing like when I bought the big ones. Bought Cha from here before, pretty good. Liver spread also pretty good.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Amy And S.', '5', "I've been going to Duc Huong for years! They have only the freshest ingredients and the best sandwiches the South Bay has to offer!! The staff is always friendly and their prices are very affordable. I always recommend this place to my family and friends all the time!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Matt R.', '5', 'Continues to be the best takeaway Vietnamese place for sandwiches (banh mi) if you factor in prices. Only 2.50 USD for a small sandwich. (April 2018)']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kim L.', '5', 'Definitely my go to place for a quick lunch on the go. i love how they have two different sizes for their banh mi. 2.50 for a small and 4.50 for a regular size banh mi. one of my favorite is the banh mi thit nuong. they also have different varieties of banh mi compared to other places. cant wait to try all the different varieties']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tony E.', '1', 'Bad product. No date of production. No date expiry.  Bad smell products. No return exchange after 10 minutes buying. No accept  cards payment, cash only.  Department of Health should visit these stores more often. I have told with them by phone, in person with bad products on hand. They always said " It is not our products".  I never come back these stores again Tony Edison']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Andrea K.', '4', "Best banh mi i've had in a while!! I only tried the grilled chicken and vegetarian one so far but I'm going to keep going until I tried every one of them."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Linda T.', '4', "Delicious baguette which makes the sandwich. Got a small thit nuong, grilled pork, banh mi which was satisfying. Pork had a nice grilled flavor and was moist. Bread was crunchy and soft and warm. Had just the right amount of pickled veges. Wish they had pate! It would've been perfection.  Quick in and out place with snacks and drinks to get at the counter."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Alyssa N.', '4', 'Another one of my go to Vietnamese sandwich spots in San Jose, my favorite banh mi is the Banh Mi Thit Nuong. Their freshly baked bread is fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lia C.', '5', "My favorite place to get bahn mi in the South Bay! Really good prices. But don't forget to bring cash! Another thing I try to get before they run out is their pate chaud's! They're like meat pastries with pate inside. Sooooo good."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Melanie N.', '5', "This is my absolute FAVORITE place to go to for banh mi. My sister in law used to live down here and one time a few years ago when we visited she took us here for a quick bite to eat.  The front space isn't large at all. As soon as you walk in you see the trays of bread proofing next to the huge ovens that are full of bread already.  Majority of the space is used for the ovens and the prep/ cook area in the back.  They have a wide selection of banh mi and other deli items to choose from. I appreciate that the banh mi come in a small or large size. Sometimes you don't want a full banh mi to eat when you have plenty of options around Little Saigon.  My favorite banh mi to order is the grilled pork with egg. Sooo good. They also have a special if you buy 4 large sandwiches you get the 5th free.  We don't visit San Jose too often, but when we do we always make sure to stop by and get some bread to take back to Seattle. Already looking forward to my next trip down to visit again!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Debbie T.', '5', 'Duc Huong Sandwich is seriously my favorite Vietnamese sandwich place! I usually order the banh mi cha lua on garlic bread. Sooooo yummy!!! My husband gets the dac biet sandwich that is also really good. I love how they offer mini sandwiches perfect to pack for road trips. My kids also really like the pate chaud really yummy here. Overall this place is pretty amazing everything is really good and the prices are pretty reasonable.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cristina D.', '5', 'I came to pick up a large order of sweet roles for my mom that had been pre ordered and prepaid. The order was ready  At the time we had requested. The roles were fresh. Very very warm and delicious.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Colin G.', '5', "In an area where getting a banh mi is like getting a cup of coffee, it takes a lot to stand out. There are the cheap places, where $3 will get you the basics but leave unfulfilled. Then there's the gourmet spots where it's $8 and you leave scratching your head as to why it was so much. Then there's Lee's, where you're charged $7 for garbage inside crusty bread. This place stands on its own though. $5 for a large (slightly larger than normal) on freshly baked bread with top notch ingredients. They are cash only, but they're not dicks about it when they could be. I mean they constantly have a line. Even when they open in the morning there's a line. But the cashiers are still pretty patient and nice. So I am pretty white, but I've also eaten a lot of banh mis all over the US and Canada. This has been the best, without question. The bread, the ingredients and the value are too good to pass up. Parking is awful because of the supermarket. You can park on the side street or just be patient for the lot."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kimberly L.', '4', '[Review #192] We were on our way to Happy Hollow Park & Zoo... & wanted to pick-up some bánh mì since the park is located adjacent to San Jose\'s Little Saigon (considered as the epicenter of Vietnamese culture in the Bay Area). Initially, I thought about going to Grand Century Mall Food Court but I might get distracted by the numerous eatery options; I needed something good, & to get in & out quickly. My go-to sandwich shop was a couple miles south-east of our destination, so I did a quick Yelp search of what\'s near by & found Duc Huong Gio Cha Sandwiches. Like most Vietnamese shops, DHGCS is cash only; not a big deal since most my orders are usually under $10. There were several bánh mì shops on Story Rd., but DHGCS was near our destination & according to the Yelp pics, they baked their own bread. If you\'re a bánh mì connoisseur, you\'ll understand that fresh French bread is way better than toasted, & that can make or break a good bánh mì. I kept it simple & quick by ordering a couple of Bánh Mì Dac Biets (classic Vietnamese cold cut sandwich), & got a small box of mini vanilla bundt cakes for the LOs. My order was ready in minutes & we were off to the park. Upon arrival, I was salivating from the deliciousness wafting from the backseat; I should have thrown the bag into the trunk. LOL Once we got the LOs out of the car & ready to trek our way to the park\'s entrance, I grabbed my still warm sandwich, unwrapped it quickly & took a huge bite. DHGCS bakes a great French bread, crispy on the outside & tender on the inside, that\'s not overly yeasty in taste or smell. The bread was warm, the cold cuts were cool & on the skimpy side, & the marinated veggies were nicely seasoned & crunchy. My bánh mì was tasty & filling, but I prefer a little more meat in proportion to the veggies. My kids really enjoyed the light & fluffy mini bundt cakes as dessert after their meal. At $4.50 for a large, it\'s a decent value for the area; I might get a better deal from other sandwich shops just outside Little Saigon because my go-tos has always been cheaper than the inner circle. I\'m also spoiled by L.A. where I can still get a bánh mì around a $3.00 price point. With their current special "Buy 4, Get 1 Free," you can get that price, but who can eat that many sandwiches unless you\'re sharing as a group? In hindsight, instead of ordering 2 large sandwiches, I should have order 4 small ones (the size wasn\'t specified to get the deal) to take advantage of the deal... that way we could have tried more variaties. And I wanted to pick-up some of the yummy-looking chès, but it was hot & I didn\'t bring a cooler. DHGCS is a small space with their kitchen/ovens taking up most of the space; this is not your average sit-down Vietnamese sandwich shop. They offer a dozen types of bánh mì in both large & small sizes, & scattered around the counter & in the refrigerators are an assortment of breads, meat pies, rice rolls, desserts, & drinks. Located in the same plaza as Lion Market, there\'s plenty of parking but it might be an issue on the weekends. Still, I can add Duc Huong Gio Cha Sandwiches as another go-to shop for a good bánh mì.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Steven H.', '5', 'Hands down the best fresh Vietnamese bread you can find in SJ. This one competes with 3 other Viet bread shops near by: lee sandwiches, Saigon bakery, and phat tri, and it takes all the business. I live close by and we like to buy the baguettes without anything in it and make the filling ourselves or just break it up and eat fresh w or w/out condensed milk.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Nancy K.', '5', "My favorite banh mi and best banh mi dac biet in San Jose! Their cold cut sandwich cannot be beat! Request extra pate for $0.25 to make your sandwich that much tastier!  Unlike Lees, their bread is flavored just right and isn't too crispy, so the top of your mouth won't be hurting after eating your sandwich. I would advise you try coming in the morning or earlier in the afternoon because they often sell out of bread in the evening. It's kinda messed up that their shop is still open even after they sell out their bread, but I suppose it's because they also sell other goods. Regardless, they make some tasty sandwiches!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Roger K.', '4', "this place is probably my go to spot for Vietnamese sandwiches.  the bread is made fresh throughout the day.  I could eat the rolls all day.   I've probably tried all of their sandwiches and not one of them was ever a disappointment.  I used to go to phat tri down the road until this place came along and have never looked back. my favorites are still the Korean, grilled pork and the special.  I usually have one of those three when I come for a sandwich.   this place can get awfully crowded and parking is probably the worst thing about this place since it is shared with the rest of the strip mall.  I'd give this place a full 5 star review if I didn't dread the parking situation every time and the fact that it's cash only."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Christy V.', '4', 'I love the bread here! Got a dozen fresh out of the oven. So hot and yummy! Love it here!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'David K.', '5', "One of my favorite banh mi in SJ! You can buy 5 banh mi and they'll give you one for free. What a deal :) the quality is fresh and delicious. If you're stocking up on the sandwiches, get the veggies on the side. This way whenever you eat them at home, you can toast it up real quick then fill up the sandwich yourself."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Minh H.', '4', "Bought two large sandwiches, grilled pork and deluxe combination. Just had lunch across the street at the food court in century plaza so didn't eat these sandwiches right away. Hours later, I microwaved my sandwich and it tasted good. The pork was flavorful. Had I toasted it, might have been even better. $4 is helluva deal for the large sandwich. They offer a small for $2. I'm curious how big or small it is, will get next time. Plus you can buy 4 get 1 free. All signs say I'm going to be buying sandwiches here for awhile."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Sabrina N.', '5', "Nothing in San Jose beats this sandwich spot! They have the BEST Vietnamese sandwiches in San Jose!!!!! I've never been disappointed by their sandwiches. They have 2 different sizes of sandwiches, a small and a large. The small is a perfect size for me and is really fulfilling.  I've tried the grilled pork, grilled chicken, cha lua, and my favorite, spicy Korean pork. They're all really good and flavorful and the bread is always fresh, you can even see how many sandwiches they make a day there because they always have racks and racks of bread baking in the oven!  The shop is a bit small and the service is good, the wait for your sandwiches can sometimes take up 10-15 minutes depending on how busy it is there but they're worth it."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kim D.', '4', 'Man this place can be freaking slow.  But they are one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose and that\'s saying a lot because there are SO MANY in San Jose. I think they are most famous for their Cha Gio (pork).  I really enjoy their meatball and pork belly.  They offer "mini/small" banh mis for half the price (around $2-3) so I like to order two small sandwiches for variety.   My husband likes the sandwiches with the eggs (like bbq pork with egg, or the one with the cha, egg and chinese sausages).  They offer a deal of buy 4 (larges) get 1 free.  They only accept cash at this time, but I did see them have a new system in place (not yet implemented at this time) but they may advance with technology soon!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Vivian H.', '1', "I usually buy my bánh mì sandwiches from here and they're usually alright. But today I bought a plain baguette for my grandma and I was left in awe. My grandma can't see very well, she's legally blind so she can't really tell what's in front of her. As she was almost done with her baguette she kept on biting something that was hard to chew. She thought it was just a very chewy part of the bread but when she took it out of her mouth and felt it. she noticed it was a bandaid. A BANDAID in her plain BAGUETTE. She threw it out as soon as she realized what it was so I couldn't take photo evidence but since then she's been nauseous all day. I'm utterly disappointed with the sanitation of this store. Never buying from here again, can't trust that they'd do something like this again."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Wendy D.', '4', "Banh mi is really good! The baguettes taste super fresh and delicious. The inside is soft whereas the outside is a little bit crunchy. It's definitely not as crunchy and crispy as other baguettes, and it's also thinner so you have an easier time biting into the sandwich. If you get everything on your banh mi, there's no onions but there are jalapenos, cucumbers, cilantro and the typical pickled radishes and carrots. I do think there's a little butter mayo, but I LOVE butter mayo so I wish they would be a bit more generous. I don't see any pate... Without more mayo and pate, I think the sandwich can be a little dry. There's a large size ($4) and a small size ($2). Large is a pretty good size for a meal. If you're a guy with a big appetite though, you may need another one."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Randy F.', '3', "Duc Huong Gio Cha Sandwiches is the second location of the popular sandwich spot and it's just as popular as the first.  They offer a variety of banh mi but perhaps the most welcome change is that they also every sandwich in a smaller size for just $2.   I've been eating banh mi for a long time and remember when they were just $1 or $2 for each, but have seen them gradually increase in price (as well as size) with the time.  It's nice to see a smaller option at a very competitive price point for those who want to have something else or just have a smaller appetite.   All the typical sandwich styles including grilled pork, Vietnamese ham and pate are available as well as a few more interesting ones like tuna fish sandwich and Korean spicy pork.  Fresh cha lua (Vietnamese ham) were being brought out and everyone was buying ($4.75) so I got one as well.  Never can go wrong buying fresh Vietnamese ham from a sandwich purveyor. Duc Huong Gio Cha accepts cash only."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mary S.', '4', "If you are looking for a good banh mi place, nothing beats finding it in east side San Jose.  When you walk into this  place it is pretty well organized with their snacks and desserts out in front. There are no seating areas so you pretty much order your food, stand around and wait until they call your number.  They offer large and mini sized banh mi for those who can't finish an entire regular size. I ordered the popular banh mi thit nuong and took it home. The only downside to the sammy was that the bread wasn't fresh and hot because they probably made the bread early morning. I came home and toasted the bread, which made it way better. The banh mi had fresh veggies, crisp pickled radish ,carrots ,and jalapeño, and a good amount of grilled pork in it. Better than your Lees. Ordered the cafe sua da that had a bit more condensed milk than your authentic cafe sua da. Still enjoyed it, though. Overall, this place is on my banh mi list."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Curtis L.', '4', 'They bake their own bread!  Bbq pork and egg sandwich was perfect with pickled veggies and perfect crunch to the fresh toasty bread!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lara D.', '5', "This is where viet mothers go to buy the best most flaky golden baked meat pies.  Warm pastries with meat in the inside. They're called Banh pate so. They also have really good Vietnamese yogurt"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Amy D.', '4', "3.5-4 stars, but their homemade bread is delicious so rounding up. Duc Huong is fairly new to the banh mi game in Little Saigon, but they are a solid spot to check out, especially if you like super fresh baguettes. I came around noon on a Saturday, and it was busy but not super crazy so I was able to order and get my food in less than 10 minutes. I tried: -#1/Banh Mi Thit Nuong (Grilled Pork, Large/$4,  ): Yum- their grilled pork is really flavorful, but I felt the large baguette wasn't as fluffy as the small baguette. Their mayo could use more flavor, but next time I'll make sure to get the grilled pork on the small baguette with extra mayo. Highly recommended! -#4/Banh Mi Ga Nuong (Grilled Chicken, Small/$2,  ): Solid- the grilled chicken is really tender, but needed more seasoning. The small baguette was delicious though. They speak good English here, so definitely makes it easier to order than other banh mi places in Little Saigon. I will definitely be back for more grilled pork and to try their other banh mi! I loved the giant menu they had with photos so you can clearly see what each type of sandwich is and the price. They have other traditional Vietnamese food items aside from just banh mi, and desserts as well. It's take out here only, so no seats available at all for dining in. The most difficult part about coming here is the parking, since it was crazy busy and the spots are tiny."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cici N.', '1', "Basically this place just want your money. They don't really appreciate your business or anything like that.  I came in when the store wasnt busy at all, only me and another customer, yet noone seem friendly or want to say hi to you. The guy wearing glasses took my order was very rude. He seems to be annoyed by the fact that he had to take my order. Don't even expect them to smile or say thank you to you or anything.  The food is just ok, I had better Vietnamese sandwiches before. After spending $28 on sandwiches, they didn't even give me a single napkin.  I can totally see why so many people commented on how unfriendly this place is. To me, when a business fail in customer service, there's no point to come back."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ter L.', '4', "Yes to fresh baked bread and yummy ingredients. One of the best Vietnamese sandwiches that I've had in a whiLe- crisp on the outside and warm and chewy on the inside!!  Great QuaLity foods being served at such a reasonabLe price!! I'm a fan!!!!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kacee B.', '4', "Best banh mi I've tasted in the bay area!!  They bake their own baguettes there, and they make pate and make cha gio (boiled seasoned fine ground pork wrapped in banana leaf).    The pate is too gamy for me if you spread it onto the bread and eat it by itself.  But if you have it mixed in with their cold cuts, xa xiu meats and other protein selections, it is quite tasty.  Those loaves go fast, ppl grab them by 2,3 at a time.   I always buy their cha gio, which is always freshly made and still warm and I have always ordered their special (banh mi dat biet) which has 2 different headcheese, cha gio, and pate.  And they are generous with the meats.  And the sandwiches are tasty, not mushy from all the condiments (pickled carrots, daikon, cilantro, cucumber and jalapeno), clean and crisp and full of flavors! They have other items around the counter too but I always get their sandwiches and the cha gio.  It is a small little shop, no seatings and it's a quick in and out type of establishment.  Parking is crabby there since it is in the same plaza as the Lion market and various restaurants, so parking my take some time but is is worth it."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Dee H.', '4', 'loved the fact that bread is baked in-house, I ordered two meatball sandwiches + fried egg and asked for one w/out cilantro and the other w/out jalapeno, ladies in the kitchen drew me the cutest drawings on the wrapper for indication just made my day!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Robert H.', '5', "When I was first introduced to a Bánh Mì (Vietnamese sandwich), a buddy of mine took me to Lee's Sandwiches. For the price and what you get, I was pretty impressed! Fast forward a couple of years, I no longer have a go-to place for this specialty sandwich. Drum roll please....But NOW I DO! I ordered a small #1, which is a Grilled Pork sandwich. I kid you not, the bread melts in your mouth! If you've been to other places, the outside of the bread gets a little too hard right? So hard that you get scratches in the roof of your mouth when you try to wolf it down too fast!! Well I have good news for you, that does NOT happen here! The bread is so perfectly textured, you can just eat it by itself! The pork is well seasoned, and the special sauce they include is well balanced! All of the veggies included are super fresh! There is not one thing within this sandwich that I would pull out! It is literally that good! In closing, location isn't ideal, and parking is an issue, but in the end, you will be blown away by the sandwiches that come out of this place! The place is tiny, and it gets pretty crowded, but they manage to get your sandwich out in 10 minutes or so. Don't worry, you will thank me later!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lizzie H.', '5', "I have never tried a better banh mi. I was told that this place had really good banh mi's, specifically the #7 (banh mi thit nuon trung). It was $5.50 a large sandwich and $3.50 for a small sandwich. I got the large! When I received my sandwich, it was much bigger than I expected.The ingredients were all so fresh. The bread was warm, nice, crisp, yet still soft. The eggs were yummy and the pork was delicious. It was juicy, flavorful, and tender. There was plenty of pork, egg, and veggies in the bread.  The food was so delicious and worth every single bite as well as dollar."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ron L.', '4', 'Sometimes I feel adventurous, and with a name like Duc Huong Gio Cha, this looks like a good place to try! The bad news is that it\'s in a shopping center with many popular stores, especially Food Lion, a small cramped parking lot, and no parking along Story or McLaughlin.  Duc Huong Gio Cha is located on one side, and I had to park on the other side.  So it\'s not exactly In-n-Out. It\'s also not a restaurant where you sit at a table, the waiter takes your order, and after 20 minutes, you have your food, then you eat while he refills your drink, and then give him your plastic so that you can pay the bill.  Not here.  It\'s a Vietnamese deli, no tables or chairs, cash only, just walk in, place your order (they speak English too), and walk out with your sandwich. And what a sandwich it is.  I had spicy pork.  "Do you want vegetables inside or outside?"  I answered "outside", and I\'m glad I did.  The meat was cooked just right, nice and spicy but the spice did not overpower the taste, and it had a good strong taste to it.  It would have been too bad for that taste to be overpowered by too much cucumber, carrots, bell peppers, and what looks like lawn clippings.  I could add these to the sandwich to add a good taste to it, to the extent that worked for me.  I ordered large, and got two footlongs.  Add a Sprite and the total bill was just under $10.  Great sandwich, so I got my money\'s worth. Stop by, give `em a try, and I hope you find parking!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Chris C.', '5', "Great sandwiches. I always get the combination and buy about a dozen the night before I go fishing (buy 4 get 1 free). I ask for the veggies on the side and make it in the morning so they don't get too soggy. One sandwich cut in half is good 2 portions and it's always a quick and perfect meal. It looks so good other guys on the boat ask if I can sell them some lol."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'James N.', '5', "This really hit the spot yesterday! You walk in and you're immediately enveloped in aromas of bread, butter, banana leaves for the cha, etc. Maybe I was too hungry, or maybe the smell just reminded me of a place I frequented back when I was younger. Interestingly, they offer small and large sandwiches. Large is the usual, familiar size and small seems great for a snack. They take cash only. Buy 4 large and get one free! Pate cha - one of the best banh mi I've had in the states and in Vietnam. The bread is on the thinner side. I know a lot of places that have a thick, overly crispy crust. This was thin enough to bite into, yet substantial enough for that satisfying crunch. Adequate amounts of butter and pate were applied and there was enough meat. The bread was what made it though. Thit nuong - got me through the long wait in the Costco gas line. The meat was on the cooler side, which I don't mind. Nevertheless, the pork was marinated well. Xiu mai - still in the fridge. Can't wait to get back from work to devour it :D"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Felix L.', '5', 'I arrived at Duc Huong at around 10:30am, the transition period of when it\'s too late for breakfast and too early for lunch. I was looking for the perfect "brunch" portion. Out of the million banh mi purveyors in the San Jose area, I chose Duc Huong because it was the closest one to the airport that served banh mi in small size.  For Vietnamese sandwiches, there were 16 options ranging from $2 to $2.75. The small sized banh mi here is also known as "round bread" in Los Angeles. I decided on the trung lap xuong cha lua (fried egg, Chinese sausage, Vietnamese pork rolls) because it looked like the most appetizing breakfast-themed sandwich. The cherry on top was its inclusion of gio lua, an item that is prepared in-house. The banh mi turned out to be better than the ones I\'ve eaten in Los Angeles/Orange County, considering the bread and fillings. It was prepared exactly the way I like it. The aroma and subtle sweetness of the Duc Huong\'s bread were aspects which distinguished it from others. In addition, the bread was much more airy and fluffy on the inside (but not soggy from being soaked with mayonnaise) compared to all the other banh mi I ever had in SoCal. The exterior was less stiff and not as flaky than the bread at other places, but it was still fairly crunchy. Duc Huong\'s thinly sliced cha lua was exceptionally smooth, making it a harmonious pair with crunchy bread. The other savory ingredients like the fried egg and smoked Chinese sausage also complemented Duc Huong\'s fresh bread, but the cha lua was simply the best filling. Another observation I made was that the banh mi included spears of cucumber. It\'s worth mentioning because more than 50% of the banh mi shops in Los Angeles actually omit this ingredient that I like especially when it\'s fresh and crunchy. Budget-friendly, homemade ingredients, many variations of sandwiches. How can you not like this place? I\'ll definitely return for a cheap breakfast or lunch when I\'m back in San Jose.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Celine L.', '5', "Very good French bread! Prefect if you are making some yellow curry! It was two dollars for 4 loaves. The long loaves sell out probably in the morning! Way better than Lee's Sandwiches!! Ever so often they take out several batches of freshly baked bread!! These last and stay soft for several days to my surprise! I made Tri-tip sandwiches with it!! Sooo good!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'M H.', '4', "In the same plaza as Lion market. Small store with barely any room for you to wait. No seating.  The line is to the left of the grey ropes, walk along the snacks and face the register (everyone gets confused with where the line is since ppl are just waiting everywhere).  -The bbq pork was the first sandwich I tried here. Good pork but plain sandwich. No sauce or anything on the sandwich besides the usual fixin's.  -The grilled pork is my fav! Haven't tried much anything else. It's not your normal Vietnamese grilled pork that I would expect but its flavorful and makes a yummy sammy. I splurge and ask for extra mayo.  -A small is only about $2! Perfect portion for meh!  It comes in a small loaf too not just a long loaf cut into half and how they wrap it in a clear plastic just makes it so cute. -The large is big enough to eat for now and later. They don't cut it in half tho.  -The bread is good. Fresh and not too crispy/flaky. Good texture for a banh mi. I have ordered it once and it was a bit stale/chewy?  -They are always stocked with some pretty good desserts. My fam loves the litto yellow mini-cupcake/bread thingies.  -They call out their numbers in Vietnamese first and then English. So be prepared."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Johnny T.', '3', 'This is a Togo Asian ham sandwiches deli. I still do like their hams. Only thing I really do not like is the parking, parking spots are always crowded weekdays weekends all time; I guess because there was a supermarket there as well. I like their other store on King road...plenty of parkings.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Anthony C.', '5', "Be ready to wait in line because this place is always packed but so worth the wait. My two go to sandwiches are the BBQ pork(#5) and the pork belly(#13). They sound similar but taste very different. The bread is always warm and actually holds up an doesn't get stale if by some chance you're able to resist eating it all as soon as you get it home (no seating). Every time I'm in the area I have to pick up a sandwich for myself and a few more for others. The shop is tucked in a small plaza and parking can be tough at times but as I said earlier about the wait in line, it's all worth it."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Stanley Y.', '5', "The banh mi here is on point. I recommend the banh mi thit nuong or their Korean BBQ one. If you're not eating it right away make sure to get the pickled vegetables on the side -- no one likes it soggy. Parking here is crowded and tight."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mimi N.', '1', "Their banh mi isn't the best in town but the worst customer service I have ever seen. How are the employees treated here that they act so hostile towards customers? So many more decent Viet banh mi places in San Jose so don't waste your time coming here. Parking is also a drag. My family & I will take our businesses where it is appreciated elsewhere."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jordan L.', '1', 'Would not recommend, waited about half an hour for my sandwich, they basically forgot my order and at the end, ended up with some burnt sandwich.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lui L.', '5', 'I just slammed a large sandwich down and completely forgot to take pics cause it had my full attention. one of the best most packed-with-filling banh mi sandwiches around. Vegetarian sandwich has moist beancurd strips and mushrooms in addition to all the normal helpings of pickled awesome, add an egg to push it over the top!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Francis U.', '5', 'This place is absolutely fucking delicious, you have fresh bread in the hundreds every single morning. Everything is hot and fresh and really cheap. The bread is glossy and crunchy on the outside while soft and airy in the inside. They also put chives on top of their bread i believe.  I would recommend the gio song here too is also good. The thit nuong here was not rubbery like it is over phat tri, it was soft moist, and delicious. We got here around 740 so i do think you can show up before 8. One of the best in san jose.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cindy D.', '5', 'Hot and fresh baguettes are my weakness. I would buy two dollars worth of just plain baguette to bring home to dip in beef stew at home. Really, I just eat a loaf of it in the car by myself while driving home, because they are BEST when freshly out of the oven. The outside of the baguette is a nice crunch while the inside is nice, fluffy and warm.  I also love their Vietnamese sandwiches. Loaded with meat and veggies, they have never skimped out on me. You get two options, a half size* (a smaller, fatter baguette) or the normal size. I like the normal size, it just tastes better to me. *Another option is to sub the normal mini baguette with the one with garlic butter on top, try it once!!!* I like that they pick up the phone (most of the time) for a quick pick-up order. Sometimes the lines are crazy long during the 30 minute lunch break I have so not having to deal with the line and waiting for my sandwich to be made behind 10 other sandwiches is fantastic. Parking kinda sucks during busy hours and holidays, so maybe grab a friend to drive you while you hop out of the car and pick up your sandwiches!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Shirley H.', '3', "Let me start off by saying that I lovelovelove banh mi! But this place just doesn't do it right. The sandwiches here are a tad bit better than Lee's, but honestly nothing special. I got the #2 special sandwich. They need to add some mayo or more pate on their sandwiches because it was SO DRY. If you really like the pickled carrots and daikon like I do, you'll be greatly disappointed because they barely put any. :( Prices are affordable at about 3.75 per sandwich, depending on what you get. There's also a deal where it's buy 4, get 1 sandwich free!!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Johnny L.', '4', 'Their sandwiches are pretty good! First time I saw 2 sizes, as you can order Banh Mi small for $2 (which is half the size of a regular Banh Mi) and a regular one for $3.75. The small banh mis are pretty handy, as you can order them straight fresh from the cashier or you can grab one to go, since they have a pile of pre-made banh mis placed on the counter. They also have meat pies, desserts, drinks. I had their banh mi dac biet; it was decent; I also had their grilled pork and it was good; lastly, I had their bbq pork; it was pretty good. Good place to grab some banh mis out of.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Nicky T.', '4', 'Classic Asian bakery in San Jose. Absolutely delicious! Booming with customers. Always a line formed outside the door. Everything is served hot and fresh. Lovely Asian bakery here in San Jose. One of the better ones out there in my opinion. Loud; just like most Asian stores. Not too small, but relatively smaller area to order and find items. Not tight, but it will do. Huge array of Vietnamese food/items on tables. Customer service was quite fun actually. Young cashiers, efficient, lovely. They seem to really be enjoying their job. 3 cashiers when it crowded, makes the system a lot more quick. Great Bakery; absolutely delicious. I would recommend others to try it out']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Emmy T.', '1', 'Just ordered a spciy korean pork today at 8:25am and ate right away. Dont mention the bread is cold, the meat inside is cold like it take out from the fridge. I cant even take it. Hummmm!i got to stay hungry coz i am on the freeway  no point to go back']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Alan N.', '5', "Love the sandwiches here. Bread is always fresh and the sandwiches are relatively cheap, even though there was a price increase on the sandwiches. I no longer live in San Jose, but hit up this place when we are in town. Just have to remember that it's cash only."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Minerva L.', '3', "Talk about fresh bread, get the small because the bread is softer and it's all made on the spot. You can just buy the bread, 4 for a dollar. I got the one that smelled like garlic, I like the exterior of the bread. Didn't get to fully taste the sandwiches."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'J W.', '1', "Bread prices used to be $4 then it went up $4.50 no sales tax as it was included in the price. Today since I was craving for Vietnamese bread, so I ordered #4 Grilled chicken, I was charged $4.92 sales tax added! I asked the cashier and she said certain numbers add sales tax. Really? Then they should have put the price Grilled chicken #4 $4.50 plus sales tax! Never going back! Each time I get a different cashier, I either get charged sales tax or I don't."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Joanne M.', '5', "Duc Huong Gio Cha is fasho my favorite Viet sandwich place.  The baguettes are crispy and crackly on the outside (but not so crispy that it's hard and unpleasant to eat), and fluffy but not too thick, giving room for the filling to truly shine.  The vegetarian sandwich with tofu and mushrooms is a must try.  For someone that usually gets grilled pork at other establishments, I'd take Gio Cha's vegetarian sandwich any over grilled pork any day. They have the perfect ratio of mushroom/dried tofu to cucumbers/pickles/cilantro/jalapeno. It's definitely more of a grab and go establishment, but that's coo."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jocylyn P.', '5', 'I have to agree w/ others..this is probably the best banh mi in San Jose right now.  Fresh baked bread packed w/ delish veggies and lotsa meat.  If you just need a light snack, the small can be had for $2.50.  If you need to curb your hunger, the large for $5 will do just that.  And the buy 4 large get 1 free is a great deal!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'S R.', '1', 'Came here around 1:30 with the afternoon rush. I ordered two small sandwiches and waited for 20 mins. I stood there and watched several people get their sandwiches before me that definitely came in after. Of course they were of the same race. I notice some people did not have to wait more than 2 mins while others who were not Vietnamese waited much longer. How is that ok? Also I was never given a receipt so when she asked me for mine I told the lady at the counter I didn\'t have it, which she in return said to me " Next time make sure you have it!" Ummmm is that my fault? And btw you weren\'t checking the several customers ahead of me..which I observed because I was worried about not having my receipt. This lady btw is the one with the tattoo on her arm. She needs to learn better customer service and try to smile. You look like you hate your job. Never going back to that rude and disorganized place.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Aileen G.', '5', "Everything about their sandwich is FIRE. Also, their bread is perfectly crunchy and soft. Doesn't cut the roof of your mouth(especially when eating upside down) ;)"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Marie N.', '5', "One of the best banh mi ever! Forget the highly franchised Lee's Sandwiches, and support your local Vietnamese sandwich shop that can hold it's own amongst the competitors.  The place was packed when we came in on Christmas Day. I was craving for something quick, simple, authentic and Vietnamese. We ordered the #2 special combination, #8 sunny side up-eggs, sausage and cha lua and also a bag full of warm, fresh out of the oven mini bread rolls. While waiting on our sandwiches, I took a bite of the rolls and was in absolute heaven! The bread was so soft and chewy! From that moment, I knew I found just the right match that was to come into the makings of a perfect banh mi.  We were so anxious after picking up our order, that we rushed to the car and unwrapped our banh mi from its cute brown paper packaging and chowed down; no care that the juices were dripping and bread crumbs falling into the cracks of the car. My favorite was definitely #8! It had just the right amount of fillings and the epic bread that sandwiched it was unforgettable. It was a bit of a wait for our sandwiches, but was so damn worth it!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kelly L.', '5', "OMG thisss is my new favorite banh mi shop. So glad I found out about this place, I don't go anywhere else from Banh Mis now.  We stumbled upon this place when we were going to the Lion Market in the same strip mall.  My all time favorite sandwich is the #7, the egg and the Chinese sausage really works in that sandwich! I love that they also bake their own bread and you can buy little garlic baguettes. Aside from the sandwiches and baguettes, I also pick up pate and peppered pork  cakes here."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Derek S.', '4', "Duc Huong is in the same plaza as Lion Supermarket. Parking is rather challenging so it's best to find a spot on the street and walk a couple of blocks. The interior of the sandwich spot is very clean and modern and the staff was friendly.  The large grilled pork sandwich was tasty. The grilled pork was perfectly marinated and super flavorful. The bread was mediocre as it was a little on the soft side...especially the outside. Cash only and Buy 3 Large get 1 Free sandwich."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Timothy T.', '5', 'Came here for the first time a few days ago and I have no complaints. The banh mi is very tasty (ordered the #2 and #1) and the bread here is baked fresh in House so the sandwich is very easy to eat. If you only had banh mi from Lee\'s and Huong Lan then you are absolutely missing out. This place blows the bigger places away by miles. The day I went in I saw they had a special if buy 5 large sandwiches you get one free, which essentially makes each large sandwich $4 instead of $5 each. It is not a bad deal if I say so myself. But if you really just want to try the sandwich I saw they had a small size for $2.50. So overall I really enjoyed this place and I will be back to "banh mi" some more banh mi whenever I fly back out here. One thing I want to note is that the parking here looks like it could really suck at times because of how small the shopping center is. So be prepared to spend some time to find an open space during peak hours.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tram T.', '5', 'Always come here for their banh mi xiu mai w/ pate! I can eat two of them and would still want more.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Nock N.', '1', "Their Banh Gio is so bad. The banh Gio is not made the, or like it is used to be. I'm from Santa Cruz. Took me 50 minutes to get to San Jose for foods. I usually bought 40 piece of Banh Gio every time in time. It's been such a disappointment on the quality of the Banh. Banh Gio is very hard. My daughter she's only 4 years old, but she can tell it's doesn't taste the same. Just want to input some thought. Hope the store will make the Banh Gio tasty again. The meat doesn't smell so bad and doesn't taste so hard and dry. At least the old Duc Huong in Tully still taste the same. Knocking on wood"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'John D.', '4', 'I\'m always intrigued whenever a business opens up amongst a glut of other similar businesses; I figure they must think they have something better than what\'s already there, and that\'s pretty bold. San José\'s Little Saigon neighborhood is deprived of many things, but it is not lacking in Vietnamese Sandwiches (aka Bánh Mì). I first noticed the signs proclaiming "Grand Opening" for Duc Huong Sandwiches (DHS) about a week ago. I finally got my chance today to come check it out. My co-worker and I ordered a few things to get an overall feel of the place. Here\'s a recap: Gôi Cuôn (Spring Rolls)- Above-average Spring Rolls that come with the standard Peanut Dipping Sauce. The veggies and meat are fresh; the wrappers could be a bit tighter; and the Peanut Sauce had a nice spice to it. 3.75* Bánh Mì: Bread- DHS makes their own French Rolls for their sandwiches, and it\'s quite good. Might be one of the better breads I\'ve had with a Bánh Mì; nice crust that doesn\'t tear your mouth too bad and a soft doughy center. 4.5* Veggies- I think this was the weak point of DHS sandwiches. I felt like the veggies could\'ve been fresher, and they didn\'t have that nice crispness to them that I\'ve come to expect. 3* Meat- We ordered the Thit Nuóng (Grilled Pork) & Xá Xíu (BBQ Pork) and we agreed the Grilled Pork was the clear winner. It had a nice sweetness to it and tasted very fresh. The BBQ Pork was a bit bland and tasted a bit gamey to me--not that that\'s a bad thing, just not what I expect from BBQ Pork. Grilled Pork 4*/BBQ Pork 2.5* Service & Ambiance- The ladies Spring inside DHS spoke very little English (except for one) and the service and lines are frantic. I got a bit of headache from being in there and watching all the hubbub in the back. There\'s also some order number confusion, as the numbers on your receipt don\'t match the order numbers that are processed. DHS is located on the west end of Little Saigon, and this is about as shady of an area as it comes. The store itself is really clean and the smell from the freshly baked bread is heavenly. Service 2*/Ambiance 3.5* Value- DHS Bánh Mì come in two sizes: Small ($1.75-2) & Large ($3.50-3.75). We didn\'t get any small but their larges run about 6-7" and are reasonably packed with meat. Personally I\'d have to do two sandwiches or one sandwich and one order of Spring Rolls to get full, but I\'m a little piggy. Either way you should be able to get a good meal for around ±$7. 4.5*  I\'d probably rate DHS at around 3.5-stars--but I\'ll give them the benefit of the doubt and round it up to 4-stars because they\'re just starting out. They still haven\'t managed to unseat my current Bánh Mì Champ (Thien Huong), but they\'re definitely another good option.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Samantha T.', '5', 'Good food and good service.  Authentic!  Busy sometimes but they will help you as soon as possible.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Claudia P.', '5', 'Best banh mi in sj. I always get #3. Their cha is really good and the bread is so fresh. Soo cheap and if you buy 4 large you get one free! Make sure to bring cash though cause its cash only.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cindy T.', '5', "Duc Huong's Banh Mi is  ! This has to be my favorite banh mi spot. Their baguette is buttery and crunchy- which is perfect to my taste. I especially love eating their banh mi fresh. A day or two old banh mi is also good, just toast it in your conventional oven for a few mins. Ask to have the veggies prepped on the side if you do plan on buying in bulk and saving it for the next few days."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lisa N.', '4', "Let me say - I only came for their banana leaf wrapped sausages (that came in a variety of fillings) and I was left beyond pleased!  Their variety was awesome because I like options and that's what they gave me. I had one of their che (dessert) and I'm usually not a fan of them because more than half the time they are too sweet for me, but this one was perfectly sweetened and they ICE it for you!   However, I can't leave this review without mentioning the sandwiches! Usually I'm very picky with my Vietnamese sandwiches because I've seen some sandwiches that were just wrong wrong wrong, but they nailed it here! It comes in a large and small roll which allows me not to finish a whole large roll when I'm really not that starving (when I usually force myself to finish a large roll because most bakeries only have 1 size). All the ingredients in the banh mi was fresh and it didn't look like they were skimping on any ingredients."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Courtney T.', '1', 'The lady was SO rude. We asked her a few questions and she barely even answered and gave one word replies. She looks like she hates her job']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Rebecca T.', '4', "-CASH ONLY- Located in the same plaza as Lion Market!!!  Stopped by to grab some banh mi and I loveeeee that they bake their own bread. It is the right amount of crunch on the outside and the inside is soft. The perfect baguette! I ordered the BBQ chicken and I thought it was pretty good but I definitely would have liked it more if it wasn't as dry.  Service here is nice, the ladies that work in the front are friendly :) They also have a buy 4 get 1 free. The prices are pretty cheap as well. I would recommend and I would come back!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Gors P.', '4', "what i ordered... small grilled pork banh mi, small grilled chicken banh mi and large fish banh mi ...the place was super cheap for if you can't finish the inexpensive full size banh mi, you can order it small for half the price. Also, if you can eat a lot lot more it's 4 BM for the price of 3. all the banh mi i ordered were all good... bun's were all freshly baked, fillings were tasty, grilled chicken was good, grilled pork was also good but not as good as Houng Lan and the vietnamese fish patties were typical. ambiance.... ok (hole in a wall but neat) service... ok (lost in translation) cost...$- (cheap)"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'James D.', '5', 'Hands down the best banh mi around! It gets super busy there but totally worth the wait. Compared to all the sandwich shops the meats and pickled veggies are FRESH and of course the BREAD straight out of the oven . Trust me this place is legit']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Andrea W.', '5', "Bread here is REALLY good. So soft and chewy, so delicious! I saw a bunch of people just order bread to go when I was waiting for my sandwich, and I understood why after taking a bite out of my sandwich. I got #2 small (I would've gotten large but they ran out of large sandwiches) of grilled pork and it was delicious. The pork was really flavorful and chewy, not dry at all. I really enjoyed it! At $2 (cash only) a sandwich, it was of great value. Definitely recommend and would come here again!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Olivia R.', '5', 'Seriously, this is the best banh mi place ever!!! It is a bakery so they bake their own bread right there all day.  Everything about the sandwich was perfect.  Keep up the good work!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Victor G.', '3', "Dou Huong makes their own baguettes on site.  offerings: banh mi (12ish choices), desserts. drinks. eats: dac biet (combo) 3.75, or 1/2 (2) -mostly fresh meats, little parsley, carrots, daikon, veggies, jalepenos yes. -tasted better than average, not fab. msg tasted, bahn mi looked small jalepenos provides a kick, flavoring but i can't handle it. -quick service promoted, satisfied. got it in 5 minutes. -buy 4, get 1 free. 3.5 stars (few veggies so bahn mi looks small(. crumbs: -service 4 stars. quality near 4 stars. (on the fence) -no space to eat in, all take out. -parking difficult here."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Michael C.', '1', 'After a Xmas trip back from Los Angeles, we stop by to buy a "cha lua" and ask the cashier for the pepper one. She told us in rude manner without a smile. We bought two sandwiches since we\'re hungry even though your cashier was not nice to us. Please train your cashier to at least smile with customers.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Amy N.', '5', "The BEST banh mi I've ever eaten in my life. I still think about it everyday. I feel like I missed a huge part of my life by not eating this sooner. My siblings bought duc huong's banh mi for me, sitting out in the coldness for about 3 hours or so. When I took a bite of it, it was like it was freshly made like five minutes ago. The baguette was still crispy even after all of those hours of not being attended and cared for. The filling was so tasty, with a combination of savory and tangyness (from the pickled vegis). It could of been spicy but I picked out the peppers because I cannot handle spice. Definitely would recommend this banh mi to the whole world. It's sensational."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mikey Boy D.', '5', "This Bn mì is great and the people are very friendly, I would recommend you call in your order because in Saturday if was everybody's favorite"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Henry C.', '5', "Wow, with all the competitions and redundancies, this place's banh mi sandwiches impressed me! Try their large($4) version sandwich, any flavor is good, even the vegetarian one, the bread tasted like the much more expensive true European artisan bread, it has the crunchiness exterior yet with soft interior texture without the need for reheat, just like the ones you would find commonly served in sandwiches all over France or Spain. Besides the bread, their fillings has some contemporary yet savory touch to it, such as Korean bbq...etc. I highly recommend it. The only thing I hate to see is they don't sell iced coffee so I have to run to other places to buy them."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Amy H.', '5', "The banh mi here is soooo good. They bake their own bread and they are pretty consistent with the amount of ingredients!  I've found that other Vietnamese sandwich places sometimes have bread that is way too hard and chewy and it makes the sandwich a mess to eat. I guess ending up a banh mi with bread crumbs in your hair or all over your table is all part of the banh mi process?  Lots of meat in the grilled pork banh mi.  When I make curry at home,  I always pick up some of their fresh garlic rolls --4 rolls for $1."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Erica G.', '4', 'First time, right after I walked in about 6 more people came in for lunch. I ordered #12 spicy Korean pork. OMG so much flavor in the meat! the bread and veggies are perfection too! no wonder the crowd, def coming back here. also very cheap.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cindy L.', '4', 'Don\'t let the areas scare you off. There are some good eats here. Their Vietnamese Sandwiches: Banh Mi are the best in this area.  They bake their own fresh baguettes here, you can smell the baking bread sweet aroma right when you enter, its so addictive. I ordered the #7 Sandwich "Banh Mi Trung Thit Nuong" aka Egg Grilled Pork!      Hot crunchy baguette, juicy grilled pork and hot fried egg?! I died and went to and sandwich heaven.  Get the "Large" size sandwich, you get a nice long hot French baguette! Yum.  -Terminator voice-: "I\'ll be back."']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Anh N.', '4', 'Best place for mini Vietnamese Sanwiches or hot bread just come out from the oven. Other than that just a typical food to go place ! Always a long line at the shop. You should call ahead to order then just come to pick up will save you some time. So far this is my favorite place for Bánh Mì.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Sai E.', '5', 'The only banh mi and cha lua place I recommend.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Donovan T.', '4', "So I give Duc Huong a 4 star rating because... BANH MI Rating = 3 stars GIO LUA rating = 5 stars The Gio Lua here is incredible. Gio Lua aka steamed pork roll is a Vietnamese staple. I always remember eating it as a child, and to this day I still have it every now and then! It's always warm and fresh here, $4.50 is reasonable price. Gio is Duc Huong's signature product and they do it so well! However, their banh mi leaves alot more to be desired! Hands down, their bread is on point. Crunchy yet soft at the same time, they bake their bread in house. They have a buy 3 get 1 free promo, so it's 4 sandwiches for about $11. Great deal, but the sandwiches are really stingy on meat.  I ordered the dac biet (cold cut), thit nuong (grilled pork), and ga nuong (grilled chicken). The DacBiet only had a single layer of each cold cut, and the other two sandwiches only had a couple pieces of grilled meat. The meats themselves aren't ny spectacular either. The sandwiches didn't come with onion and was very stingy on homemade mayo and pate. I felt like I was eating bread with the pickled veggies and cilantro!   My recommendation? Buy some gio lua rolls with plain bread. Go home and make some sandwiches yourself! Better bang for buck!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Melanie N.', '1', "Bad customer services and their banh mi thit nuong is horrible.  I do like their bread, but won't come back again."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cynthia M.', '5', 'Really great banh mi. I tried the thit nuong and the pate cha, and they were both amazing! The bread is perfectly soft inside and crunch outside, and the flavor is on point. Definitely my new favorite banh mi shop in the Bay Area.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Sofia L.', '1', 'This is an awful sandwish store.  They sell food for animals not for the human. I came today in the early morning to buy cha lua, banh mi coc, and yogurt. I want some paper tower but the young man who has some ances on his face say "No". I ask why, but he said you don\'t buy anything. Stupid, fucking you. Total receipt $8 why you say nothing. everyone need read this review and never come back here.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lucy D.', '4', 'As you walk in, you can see and smell the fresh baguettes being made.  Pros: Price: They keep their prices really low, which makes them more appealing compared to other Vietnamese sandwich shops within the area.  Service: They have a lot of workers in the front taking orders to make the ordering process run faster. Also several of them speak perfectly good English, so it is easier having your order taken.  Quality: This is the place where I go if I need a large order of long or small baguettes. The bread you order literally comes from their oven. I personally like getting their mini garlic rolls, which is their small version of french bread smeared with garlic parsley butter, plus its only $1 for every 4 rolls!!!!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Johnathan D.', '5', "This place is legit. Huge amazing bah mi for $4-5 bucks. I bring all of my out of town friends here for the #7 (BBQ pork with fried egg) the dang thing is great. Can't go wrong here at all. Bring cash!!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Robert G.', '5', "This is the hottest banh mi place in San Jose right now. I married into a viet family and was brought here quickly after being picked up at the airport. The crowd of people was out the door. I got the banh mi dac biet to try something traditional. Best banh mi I've ever had! Very balanced combination of flavors between the meats and veggies. The raw unseeded jalapeños in the sandwich did leave my mouth wishing I had a drink. Will definitely try to make another trip before having to go back to Denver."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ivy T.', '4', "My favorite Banh Mi place currently.  Everytime I've been, line has been out the door.  Fast and friendly servicd.  Buy 4 larges, get 1 free.  My go-Tos are the grilled pork and cold cut combo.  Crispy bread, not too much filling, then pretty good amount of meat.  I usually get it to-go, leave veggies on the side, then toast it up when I'm ready to eat it.  It keeps very well in the fridge.  Overall, easy to eat!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tram N.', '5', "***** Tram's Breakdown ***** Pluses: + bread baked in house + house made bo (mayonnaise) + house made cha lua (pork roll) + extensive menu (12+ selections) + friendly service  + buy 3 get 1 free (any kind, no restrictions) Negatives: - parking  - cash only  - opens at 8AM (I am at work already!) - located in East San Jose - very small, no seating whatsoever  The biggest thing that I have about this place is that it is cash only and charges tax. The wait time isn't that speedy but I am ok w/ that since the banh mi is actually worth waiting for.  I have had banh mi thit nuong and trung op la and oh my god was it scrumptious; bread was crunchy on the outside but soft w/ just the right amount of bread on the inside. What I love most is their house made bo. I can say that the Vietnamese version of mayonnaise is the winner in all of the mayonnaise world.  If only they accept Visa/MC and open earlier. Oh, if only they open one near my work because driving to East San Jose is a pain in the ass I normally avoid.  Thanks to Cynthia A. for discovering this place!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tim Z.', '4', "The best thing this place has going for it is it's fantastic fresh-baked bread. It's made right there in a giant oven near the front, and the smell is awesome. The sandwiches are good, solid, and basic. Well-made, appropriately priced, and fairly standard.  Service is insanely fast and efficient. Even with the line to the door the total time in line, ordering, and waiting was about four minutes. If you're looking for a straightforward, fast sandwich this is a good choice."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Cynthia A.', '5', 'Fresh baked french bread here!!! That alone is worth the visit. They bake it all in house~!  Ive been here numerous times and their vietnamese sandwiches are the winner. Try their vegetarian which is a stirfry mixture of mushrooms and vegetables. Delicious even if youre not vegetarian. Grilled pork, combination, and steamed pork are all winners. You can also add a fried egg to any sandwich for an additional $1. Prices range from $1.75 for a mini to $3.75 for a regular size sandwich. Good ratio of meat to pickled vegetables/garnish.  BUY 3 get the 4th for FREE!  I also get the mini french loaves with garlic butter on top. 5 for $1.00 Most of the viet sandwich places buy their bread from here so save yourself the markup and just get it from the source!  5 Stars']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Coy T.', '3', "Visited several times to buy their specialty Vietnamese ham and occasionally their sandwiches of which the ham is tasty. The sandwiches are OK.  This time also bought ice coffee and pa tê châu which is supposed to be a buttery flaky croissant type pork pastry. Quite expensive for $1 each and also smaller. It was tasteless and not flaky. Coffee tasted old and bitter $3.25. Haven't tried any desserts but I heard their almond pastry is good.  Highly recommend Phát Trí only a block away for all these items and more delicious! Update: I had a bad stomach ache an hour later."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'SuYen N.', '1', "This rating is for the service observed today on 10/10/14 at noonish.  The sandwiches itself deserves a 4-stars because it is truly delish. The baguette is crispy and buttery.  Today is my 3rd time here for a sandwich but the first time to have witnessed their noon crowd and poor & slow service. I waited 22 minutes for a #2-combonination sandwich without ham. I left and when I returned to the office to eat my lunch only to find out that there was ham! Ughhh! While waiting, they missed an order making the customer waited even longer. She was there prior to me coming in. They assisted customers but then stop to answer the phone and the phone was ringing off the hook. There's more staff behind so why can they answer the phones instead? This is horrible service. They don't know how manage when there's a crowd and the 2 ladies making the sandwiches need to work faster. These sandwiches are mostly dried meats unless you order a specialty that requires heating up or an egg. It should not take no more than 5-10 mins max esp when there's 2 ppl making the sandwiches. I will never ever stop in if I see a crowd here again. Bad choice. By the time I got my sandwich, my lunch was over."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Joyce W.', '5', 'Dang that sandwich was gooood !!! The bread : solid! The meat : soo good .. Loved the cucumber and the pate .. Man soo delicious']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Sandy Q.', '4', "Since we had a few days off during Thanksgiving, I told my husband that we need to do a mini food tour on Story Road in San Jose.  This place was one of our stops.  It's located in the same plaza as Lion Market so parking is plentiful.  In terms of the inside, it's quite small and there's no seating areas.  It's more of a to-go place.  When I walked in, I went straight to the cashier to place my order of 2 mini special combination sandwiches and 2 mini grilled pork sandwiches.  While I waited for my order, I grabbed a small container of banh da lon and a small container of mini vanilla cupcakes.  By the time I paid for our desserts, our sandwiches were ready.  Since we already ate brunch at a restaurant nearby, we ended up eating the sandwiches during dinnertime.  Before we ate the sandwiches, I toasted the sandwich in the oven for a few minutes to get that crunchiness from the bread.  In terms of flavor, the special combination was good but the grilled pork was dry.  Both sandwiches lacked moisture, which is due to the limited amount of mayonnaise.  Even though these were small sandwiches, there were plenty of meat in them.  These were $2 or less for each sandwich.  The banh da lon was good.  It was chewy with a good balance of coconut milk and mung bean in them.  The only thing I didn't like was the vanilla cupcakes.  They were pretty dense.  My daughter ended up eating most of them due to the cute design (flower).  If you're low in cash and need something to fill you up, I suggest you come here and get one of their mini sandwiches!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Nhu Hao T.', '4', 'Not a place with the best customer service in town, but the fresh baguette is mouth-watering delicious. The sandwiches are yummy as well.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mike K.', '4', "Cash only, price on menu includes tax. I tried their small Bahn Mi's for only $2 a pop, kind of a good deal but places in SoCal have buy 2 get 1 free deals for $5 and they are full size.  Anywho, I got grilled pork and Korean spicy pork both were tasty however I thought it was kind of weird that the meat was still cold instead of warm.  They got the flavor of the Korean spicy pork pretty well."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Brighton L.', '5', 'Amazing and cheap sandwiches! Buy 4 large ones and get the 5th free!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lelan Q.', '4', "My favorite baguettes place. They have garlic butter top mini rolls, $1 for 4 mini rolls. Hot out of their oven daily and by high demand. Banh mi that are freshly made.  Cons: Not a sit down place. It's mostly a take out sandwich place."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Alice W.', '5', 'Really simple and small banh mi shop. Fairly clean inside since its newly opened (but the area is not so good). I ordered the Grilled Pork (Thit Nuong) which had good flavor in both the meat and marinated veggies. Buy 3 get 1 free!']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Victoria N.', '4', 'I think this is the best banh mi thit nuong in town, i usually get the banh mi thit nuong( large size 4$ and small size 2$) highly recommend :)']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'James D.', '5', "Small shop they got here but the interior is clean and organized. Lots of yummy options I saw from Korean bbq short rib, shumai dumplings to more traditional ones like roasted bbq pork and vegeterian. I always get the large size which isn't that big but it's enough to quell the hunger. Pickled veggies were fresh and crisp. Bread was warm and crunchy with meat filling being on the generous size. Every bite had a great ratio of everything in it.  Definitely will be back to try everything else they have on the menu. Price is great at $4/large Cash only is the only thing lacking. I get that business don't wanna pay to accept Visa/MC/Amex but damn try Venmo lol, 4 stars, but bumped it to 5 because of the cute girl working there."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Henry P.', '4', 'Their banh mi are pretty on key! They offer a large and small version, which I have never seen elsewhere which is a great option if you just want something lighter. I definitely recommend their grilled pork sandwich  (banh mi thit nuong). I also highly recommend you get their cha hue which is a vietnamese style ham that has been steamed. The difference between cha hue and cha lua is that cha hue is made with black pepper which I love. The pepper adds a kick to the normal cha.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Andrea T.', '4', "I'm Vietnamese and born and raised from East San Jose- thus, I am a banh mi expert. Just kidding, sorta. This banh mi spot was recommended to me by a fellow Vietnamese coworker, and she recommended the Banh Mi Thit Nuong WITH an egg, but I am old school and like it Banh Mi Cha Lua. Although I am very curious about the Thit Nuong w/ egg, I wanted to stick with something I usually go for day in and day out. I was extremely satisfied. The baguette isn't as 'fluffed' as normal Vietnamese bakeries, but I did enjoy it. Everything on the sandwich was spot on, not too much mayo, etc. I typically like my carrots and daikon extra pickled, but I'm an OG what can I say. They have two sizes: $3.25 for large, $2.00 for a small- not gonna lie I can easily take down a large, I feel like it's the normal size of a banh mi? Duc Huong has many things that other Banh Mi shops have gio, banh gio, etc. (pork rolls, pork pyramid dumpling..) There's nothing in life that makes me happier than a banh mi with a grass jelly drink. :) NOTE: The parking SUCKS! It is in the Mecca of Vietnam, thus there are some insane drivers. The parking is located in a grocery market, so it's definitely poppin."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Amber D.', '5', 'Their banh mi is the best around the area. Service was very fast but that courteous. But if you just look for a place to get good sandwiches or cha lua, this definitely the right place.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Vanessa U.', '1', "Poor, poor, poor service. Just tried to get a sandwich here, but was passed over in line twice, in favor of two older Vietnamese gentleman. If that's how you're going to treat your non-Vietnamese customers, bye! They obviously didn't want my money, so I left. Gonna stick to Huong Lan!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Katherine L.', '4', "4.5 stars This is my go-to place for banh mi. Unlike Lee's, the baguette for your sandwiches will NOT cut up the gums at the roof of your mouth. Also unlike Lee's, your sandwich isn't slathered in mayo, thank goodness. You can tell by the texture that the bread is fresh and made on site, not simply stale and reheated in the oven. My favorites are the thit nuong and special combination. They give you a lot of meats/pickled carrots and daikon in your sandwich so you're not left with a wimpy banh mi. I also don't like raw onions so I find it to be a bonus that Duc Huong doesn't include those in your sandwiches. They do, however, include cucumbers without you having to request it, which I love.  The service is quick and efficient while not being rude, which is really all you can ask for in a fast food Vietnamese joint. My only gripes, if I really had some, is that it's cash only and their menu is on the small side and doesn't offer as much variation as other banh mi places do. Personally that's okay, since all my favorites are there, but maybe not everyone else's. There's no question that I'll be back!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kevin L.', '4', "Went here for lunch with some coworkers. Was fast service. We did buy 4 large get a large free. I got the #8 and #12 which was the spicy Korean pork. It was pretty delicious and very inexpensive. For around $4 each, which is 1/3 less than Ike's. The bread was crispy and fantastic. The bread was pretty fresh and yummy. I'm satisfied with the food. Everything in the store looked delicious and smelled really good."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Gomerio G.', '5', "Best Banh Mi in San Jose I have had so far. The sandwich selection is good - the buy 4 get 1 free large sands is nice. $15 bucks I have 5 large sandwiches.....the ingredients are all on point. No place to sit, its a take out only spot. You can get small or large versions of all the dealios. The buy 4 get 1 free is only for larges.  Korean Style Grilled Pork, never seen that anywhere. Grilled Pork or Thit Nuong which is the standard for me is great, they have this...and even a version with a fried egg added on top....Lee's sandwich has no chance against these guys - the French baguettes are better - make them on site, they grill the pork onsite, Lees only offers the BBQ red colored pork...no fresh grilled meats. Grilled and BBQ are two different things when it comes to Banh Mi to those not familiar and the real grilled meats always taste better. Look no further, no better Banh Mi in the area but I have a couple more to check out, I have been to Vietnam twice had many Viet friends and girlfriends...and though I am not Viet, I know this place does a good job."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Clarisse C.', '4', 'Spending a long day at Happy Hollow Farm with a 1 year old in 90+ degree weather ending with hungry, penny pinching parents who need something fast because it\'s nap time? This place will do it. It\'s right before the freeway entrance, fast service (even with a line of about 5 people long when I got there), and a good price! We had ordered a number 4 & 5, mine sans jalapeños. I knocked off a star because mine still had jalapeños!! We ordered a large and they are huge! As I kept eating it I was thinking to myself "omg why am I still eating, am I getting slower with age or something?!?" I just forgot I ordered a large. Also it was very hot that day and']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jade L.', '1', 'The Vietnamese girl talked loud to take an order.  Very disappointed that They gave very little meat in the sandwich mostly carrots.  They made their fresh bread smaller  then last time I brought.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jackie Q.', '4', "This is my go-to for Vietnamese sandwiches even though it's far away from where I live. The store is clean and the first thing you'll probably notice when you walk in is the large cart of bread baking in the oven or the small space customers get to share when waiting for their orders. The line area is not too big but a lot of people order and it can get confusing as to who is in line and who is just waiting. There is a line of screen displaying all the different sandwich types you can buy, I think there are 16 varieties with small sandwiches costing $2.00 and large sandwiches $4.00. Personally I would recommend the thit nuong, number 1 on the menu and a favorite of many. You can also get baked bread rolls and/or garlic bread rolls, best when you go at a time when bread is about to be finished baking. I've seen customers order the bread rolls 20 at a time and when I go at the right time I pick up 5 or 10 garlic breads myself. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because the wait is not too good. I ordered sandwiches and garlic bread the last time I went and ended up waiting half an hour for the sandwiches, got the garlic bread because the bread was fresh out of the oven, and then got my sandwiches made with the freshly made bread. I think that's a plus but I wasn't going to eat five sandwiches in 10 minutes so freshly made or not straight-out-of-the-oven wasn't going to make too much of a difference for me."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Vraj D.', '5', "Great quality and fresh sandwiches for the price..i kinda don't want anybody to know about this place coz the lines are getting out of control."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Susan L.', '3', 'Spicy korean pork .. $3.75 ..buy 4 get 1 free. Nothing special but they have a deal. Right across from Grand Century plaza.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Annie V.', '1', "I honestly rate this low because of the quality of the service . Customer  service seem to never exist at any Vietnamese businesses . Came in here to order Vietnamese sandwiches because they have a grand opening.  My mom came in to order it and they were so rude even though they speak Vietnamese they were screaming at my mom. I'm Vietnamese myself and I don't scream in people face when I talk (just needed to get that stereotype out before I continue ).  We ordered 3 sandwiches because they have a promotion when you buy 3 you get 1 free. Well we never got our free sandwich. Talking about empty promise. Jk but still don't put a sign up if you are going to rip people off. Next, let me quickly evaluate these sandwiches . Literally took a bite out of all the sandwiches in order to write an honest review .  2 combinations  1 meatball  1 grilled chicken. Combinations is my favorite but I honestly like Linda sandwiches better.  The meatball is the worst one . I could've swore the meat ball tasted like it been out for awhile. The grilled chicken is actually the best one out there."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Quang T.', '1', "I would not recommend this store due to thief action. I bought 15 small Korean sandwiches, 3 pork steam, 1 pork steam tendon, 1 colorful donut box, 2 sticky rice flower. Over $50, they cheated me by only give 2 pork steam. Why is that? Is this store make profit like this. Cheated over $4.50. I don't live in San Jose. I live in Hayward-San Leandro. Every times I passed by this store always $50-60 minimum. But from now on, please I rather go some places else. Properly next I order 20 sandwiches, only 15 will be in bag. Once again, I would not recommend this store."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Marc W.', '1', 'I really wanted to like this little shop. Points for seeming clean, cons for about everything else.  Price: $3.75 after tax. Good for lunch, but for basic banh mi it\'s on the higher end. With quality and service, though, it\'s justifiable.  Quality: Meh. The bread was good, but the rest of the sandwich didn\'t bring anything to the table. I had the vegetarian; they use mushroom instead of tofu which could be delicious and different and innovative. Oh, but this wasn\'t that. The mushroom had no flavor; the vegetables had no flavor; even the jalapeno was muted. Muted by what? far too much mayonnaise. It was was true a shame because my first bite suggested lemongrass and opened the possibility of more interesting spices than standard banh mi. But no, second bite and on: mayonnaise.  Service: "But Marc," one might ask, "you\'re vegan, why were you eating a sandwich with mayonnaise?" Well because I\'m working and I\'m not going to let the 18 year-old counter girl\'s uninformed guess cost me money. Oh that\'s right, I asked several times whether the sandwich had mayonnaise or dairy. I was assured it didn\'t. It did. What\'s the best way to lose any points with a customer? Tell them a bold-faced lie to their face.  Go nextdoor to Lee\'s Sandwiches and save yourself a questionable experience.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Aileen G.', '5', 'Always fresh bread and they pretty generous with the meat!  Meat so flavorful!  Great price too $4 for a large and $2 for small.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'JEAN B.', '5', 'Best Vietnamese sandwich and with reasonable price .If you buy 4 and get 1 free sandwich.  I brought the sandwich in my work and everybody was saying that they love it.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Amy T.', '4', "Interestingly, they've been in the grand opening mode for more than a year now? At first, I thought they were new bc ppl keep telling me its new until I actually drove out to go get some sandwiches here only to find that the grand opening sign has been there since February of 2014...  In any case, if they have continued to make their sandwiches like this for a year into opening, I applaud them! Phat tri's allure is obviously not present anymore with their skimping of meat in their sandwiches.  Ive had the dac biet, thit nuong (several times), and the cha ca. All were very good. Its not often at all that you'll get a sandwich with meat all the way to the end of the sandwich (usually, there will be a lot of bread leftover), but duc huong is so far, the exception! Love that the bread is soft too, not like that hard baguette stuff Lee's gives you... Keep it up!!!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Sara N.', '4', "I stopped in today during my lunch break to try their banh mi.  Since I wasn't sure about the quality, I opted for one of their mini banh mi's for $2 even.  For every great banh mi place,  you need to get your thit nuong or bbq pork down.  Don't give me any of that thit nuong with 5 spice.  After placing an order, I had to wait about 5 minutes but it was well worth it.  Thit nuong tasted like the type you would get from a proper Vietnamese established with a bit of that charred taste.  The bread was soft and chewy and the pickled vegetables were not too sour.  Been coming here about 4x per week."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kevin D.', '5', "My wife and I were furniture shopping in San Jose and were hungry and drove by this place and decided to stop in...thank goodness we did!!! Delicious banh mi sandwiches!! What makes this sandwich soooo good is the freshly baked bread.  Crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside.  We saw many people come in while we waited for our sandwich and purchase just the bread. Another plus....Buy 3 Get 1 FREE!!  It is not posted anywhere...we found out because the person ordering after us asked for that special.  We asked the cashier if we could get that deal too even though we had already ordered and he let us. Sandwiches come in 2 sizes.  Small is around $2 and large runs around $3.75. My wife says that this place is better than Saigon Sandwich in San Francisco!!  That's saying something!!  Can not wait to come back here when we are in the area."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tony V.', '5', "My personal favorite place to get Vietnamese sandwiches. -Fresh baked bread (They bake their own bread in the store) -Spicy Korean BBQ/Grilled chicken = Legit -Stacked with veggies, jalapenos, cilantro and meat -Can't beat $3 for a sandwich like this anywhere (compared to $10 at Ikes) -Buy 3, get 1 free! I wish they had a store in Sunnyvale/Mountain view area. I would go here all time for lunch and I'm sure hundreds of others would too. *hint hint* Britt"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Michael F.', '5', "I've spent a lot of time in Vietnam, and have had dozens of Banh Mi (Banh My in the North). This is about as good as I've had on this side of the Pacific.  If only they had some real seating, this would be a regular lunch spot. A tip: The literally 'fresh from the oven' bread is amazing, you can buy it for something ridiculously cheap like 5 rolls for $1."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mengerie S.', '4', 'Amazing sandwiches, tried #12 Spicy Korean BBQ and it was delicious! The bread was crunchy but still soft, meat was juicy, and I got lots of cilantro & jalapeno.  Also buy 4 get 1 free! Definitely will come back to try their other selections.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Thai N.', '5', '#7 Egg Grilled Pork Sandwich is the best Vietnamese sandwich I ever ate. They have bread machines cranking out fresh bread all day.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tee K.', '5', "I love this place especially for their spicy Korean sand which!  It's super yummy.  Their bread perfect and freshly baked.  It's not soot hard, nut just perfect.  I like to order their hot sa which, cuz it taste super more yummy than the cold cut meat ones .  Everything else is ok.  Their sammies are good though.  My fav are the spicy Korean pork, n meatball."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Koshi I.', '4', "There is some tough competition just across story rd. at Phat Tri; but, this little gem is working it's way up.  Pros: 1. Bread - can we all stop insisting that cutting up your mouth on crusty bread is the key to a good banh mi?  A little flakey or a little crispy is great and this shop does it just right.  Hands down - best bread and the freshest!  2. Cleanliness - a clean banh mi shop? Waaaaaaaa?  It's true.  Let's hope it stays that way.  I just wish they would close the front door to help prevent little critters in the future too.  3. Quantity -no one beats phat tri in this category; but this shop earns an honorable mention.  Sandwich size is filing and the sandwich itself is pretty full of ingredients.  4. Some harder to find combinations and several menu items with trung (egg) included in price instead of being extra.  Cons: 1. The veggies don't quite have the kick I expect from the marinade and the pate is minimal leading to a bit less flavor intensity than I would expect from banh mi. 2. Their canned drinks, like the Chinese fruit juice cans, were mostly dented or had expirations dates more than a year ago... ...very odd from an otherwise clean/modern shop. Stick to food. 3.  Their #1 (generally the spot reserved for their most popular product) is thit nuong (grilled pork) and it was pretty lack luster in my opinion.  Decent quality meat but bland flavor.  Tried other banh mi with better results.  4. Unless I am mistaken, the don't brew ca phe here.  Whaaaaa? How am I supposed to get wired after my meal without black coffee."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Albie F.', '5', "The best vietnamese sandwiches I've had in the Bay Area. Nevermind, the best vietnamese sandwiches I've had ever! And the best value at the same time so it's really hard to go wrong, especially as long as they are offering their buy 4 large sandwiches, get 1 free deal which comes out to about $3/sandwich since they're mainly priced between $3.75-$4/sandwich. Our favorite banh mi sandwiches are the combo, grilled pork, BBQ pork, grilled chicken, and sometimes pork belly when I'm feeling some fattier meats in my sandwich. The parking lot is very busy as it is in the same plaza as Lion Market but there are some 20 minute parking spots very close to this store. They make the bread fresh here so you don't have to worry about hard unappetizing bread which is a big part of offering a really good viet sandwich. Just make sure to remind them to cut the sandwich in half if that's your preference because they don't always do that. This is a no seating spot."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Linh T.', '4', "This has got to be the best Vietnamese sandwich place I've tried yet! Banh mi is made there fresh and chewy. The flavor of the Thit noung is like a party in my mouth! Crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside, sweet and spicy from the meat and jalapeños and tart and crunchy from the pickled daikon and carrots. They didn't get a 5 star only Bc I didn't care for their other sandwiches but I can't wait to try their Korean BBQ one next! Sandwich is cheap and huge! Oh warning ... CASH ONLY"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Joe N.', '5', "This is THE best place for vietnamese sandwiches and gio and cha lua and various banhs and vietnamese eats in eastside SJ! Do visit the other Duc Huong locations because they're good too, but this one on Story Road is the freshest, cleanest, best one in all my Duc Huong experiences! Plenty of parking and great service from the entire staff!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'La D.', '5', "Best Vietnamese sandwiches in town! I always order the banh mi dac biet (combination sandwich). So flavorful with garlic butter brushed onto the crispy, fresh baked French bread.  Seriously drooling just thinking about it right now.  It's always packed, so be sure to Make the wait worth it and order a few togo. I always order one to eat nice and fresh and an extra for work the next day. Lol"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mary L.', '3', 'Ended up here because there was no parking at the original place I wanted to go to.  The service was slow. One person taking orders, payment and handing out the food to the customer. The bread was good. Soft and crunchy. I ordered #1 BBQ pork (thit nuong) it was juicy and flavorful, another star. The meat and veggies were just right and not skimpy like the other places. Downside: I found a hair in my sandwich, smothered in the sauce on my bread. I was disgusted.  But, overall the food was good so id give them another shot.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ashley T.', '5', "We went there at like 8:10ish and they close at 8 and they still let us buy our sandwiches! I didn't taste it but their menu looked really good. They had a spicy pork banh mi. That sounds so bomb. They also had a buy 4 get 1 free so I guess that's a plus. Oh and they have mini ones for people who can't finish large ones!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Rob C.', '4', 'love on site fresh baguettes.  here they have the $2 small or $4 large.  #1 thit nuong, bread is soft even on the outside with some chew as opposed to the perfect crispier outside, soft inside.  still the meat, pickled veggies, cucumber, jalapeño were good overall.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jennifer L.', '4', "This is definitely one of the better banh mi places I've tried. Their baguettes are always freshly baked. Nice and soft, unlike some places where the bread is hard and stale. They also offer buy 4 get 1 free with a good selection to choose from and priced fairly at around $3.75 for the large size. The staff is always nice and wait is not too bad for how busy they are.  Only down is parking sucks there and there's no place to sit down and eat. Also, it's cash only. But that definitely won't stop me from coming back for more!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Snow T.', '3', "They are very busy here during lunch time but good thing they have pre-made mini ham, pate n cha sandwich (which I like).  Their sandwiches are cheap. You can't even find parking during lunch. Some sandwiches are good such as the egg and chinese sausage) and some are not (chicken avocado). They make their own bread which is a plus to have fresh bread but their bread is not as good as Thien Huong's bread. What I like is- I saw the man washes his hand after handling money. What I don't like- one time I walk in and there were several containers of bread sitting at the entrance of the store and they were not covered. Any one can walk by and sneeze on them or drop things on them or touch them. If those breads were for to make sandwiches then I wouldn't want to buy there. Sanitary is the key to a good business. That is why I give them 3 stars."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Gary E.', '5', "These guys make a phenomenal banh mi, the best I've eaten since moving to the Bay Area 4 years ago. I've been searching for a banh mi place as good as my favorite in So-Cal Little Saigon (Top Baguette) but hadn't found anyone worthy enough...until now. The bread is outstanding, crusty and chewy like it should be. They use very fresh ingredients. I went off-menu, ordering my go-to sammie: an all egg banh mi ($3.25). Eggs were deliciously runny and not over-cooked like some places around here. Next time soon I'll have to try their pork belly banh mi."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Annie H.', '4', 'The hubby and I was in the plaza and wanted to try the new location. Once we walked in we smell the fresh baked bread !! I knew this place would be good. I had the chicken avocado sandwich, which was okay. The hubby had the thit nuong, it was delicious!!! Only down fall is cash only !']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Tracy T.', '1', 'Co con be toc vang tinh tien an noi vo giao duc , noi nan chanh cho chac la con owen nen moi an noi nhu vay , chu nguoi lam cong chac ko noi nhu vay']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Lily H.', '5', 'Best sandwich place hands down! Bread is fresh and meat is flavorful. Must try! Open late, friendly workers and clean place.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Mindy V.', '5', "ever since my friend introduced the banh mi thit nuong to me, OH MAN. this has been my go to place. i've recommended it to all of my family, forget Lee Sandwiches! lee sandwiches baguettes were notorious for their rock hard baguettes on the second day. on the other hand, cha duc huong IS STILL SOFT. even after a couple days has passed, the baguette is still soft. all you need to do is bake it a little and you have yourself a soft, crispy baguette.  parking is really limited, but trust me. it's WORTH IT."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Irene K.', '5', "banh mi is amazing. You won't be disappointed! Bread and veggies are fresh and the meats are good too! Tried: grilled chicken and vegetarian. Also Korean BBQ pork - a little spicy!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Hung P.', '4', 'I love their sandwiches especially buy 3 large get 1 free!!! I think its better than lee or huong lan']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Eric N.', '5', 'Man i love this place the bread here is really good! Great price, great food, and they make everything so fast. Would highly recommend this place.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kei ..', '4', 'ordered grilled pork sandwiches, spring rolls love that they bake their own bread. everything was yummy the only thing that was a minus,  i had to wait a little longer than usual for the sandwiches.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Nhat N.', '1', 'RIP OFF... One of my biggest mistake of my life is doing business with this store. My friend bought 20 plain breads for me and the store (girl with glasses on and in black shirt) charged 16.00 without giving my friend a receipt. After got back home, he was still wondering about the price, I decided to call and ask about the price again. A guy from store (with north Vietnamese accent) answered my call and told me that it would cost only 10 bucks for those breads. I told him that I got charged for 16.00. He started talking with the girl who sold the breads to my friend. I heard their discussion through the phone because they were talking too loud. She said she made mistake and realized she was giving wrong change for my friend also they often never giving out receipt for customer. The guy came back to the phone and asked for my receipt and gave me a bunch of reasons. Finally, he said he would not pay back for me and told me that it was my fault. He said like I was trying to get couple dollars from him. If you like Banh My, I recommend going to THIEN HUONG instead. THIEN HUONG is much cheaper and the quality is much better. THANK YOU VERY MUCH, DUC HUONG. BECAUSE OF YOU GUYS, I LEARN A LESSON THAT I SHOULD ASK FOR RECEIPT WHEN THERE IS SMELLING OF FRAUD.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Jam T.', '5', "I'm a banh mi connoisseur and this was the best banh mi I've ever had. Beats huong lam sandwiches on Tully road and Saigon Sandwiches in SF. The bread was fresh and fish patties were moist and delicious. I tried #14 and will come back for more!"]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Ritchie B.', '1', 'Yesterday I bought 4 sandwichs "ba chi" at this store. the meat are on such dried & old. One annoyance thing is there are plastic drapper that is included on my 4 sandwich. There \'s no any mayo Or butter that put its on that\' s why the sandwich is too dry. I never come back to this and get any sandwich from them.']
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Joy L.', '4', "Wow.. This place is awesome! Fresh bread and ingredients for sandwich! We went there for lunch. Then, went back to get another sandwich for dinner. I didn't know BUY 3 GET 1 free (I just read other reviews on this store.. really?). I was about to give 5 stars. But since staff didn't let me know buy 3 get 1 free (I bought 3 sandwiches), I am giving 4 stars."]
['duc-huong-gio-cha-sandwiches-san-jose', 'Kevin T.', '1', 'Worst customer service. I came in Monday afternoon. There were 4 people waiting to pick up their order for fresh bread. There was 3 workers - an old lady out back preparing the food, a baker taking fresh bread out of the oven and a female cashier who was on the phone taking an order at the cash register. I came in looked around for 5 mins, picked up a 3-pack spring roll and stood in front of the cashier waiting to place an order and pay. So as soon as the cashier hung up she immediately went to help the baker fulfill the orders, ignoring me. I was miffed. As a cashier, the primary duty is to take order and take money. Only after helping people in line does one float around and help others. Was I invisible to her? Then a lady walks into the store and shouts out an order - which the cashier immediately acknowledges. I was was so angry I threw down the spring rolls and left the store never to return to this sad excuse for a store.  I went across the street to Huong Thanh, picked up an entree paid and left the store in 3 mins.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chau L.', '5', "I think the best thing you could get from here is the banh mi thit nuong aka BBQ pork sandwich. I wouldn't really get anything else. Review is based on that sandwich alone. Some people complain that there isn't enough meat, but those people don't have any sense of moderation. Sorry to say it, but... LOL. The meat is so strongly well seasoned and full of flavor. You don't need a pile of it in the sandwich. Along with the meat, the fried shallots and butter spread make this the best BBQ pork banh mi I've ever eaten. Maybe even best banh mi I have ever eaten. The balance of sweet, salty, and richness just can't be beat in any banh mi anywhere else.  Maybe I'm just saying that because I've been eating this sandwich ever since I was little, until now. But really, if I haven't gotten stopped eating it since then, then it is something worth trying. Just writing this review makes me crave it, sigh."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Koi S.', '2', 'Food is horrible!  The hot food was all so greasy and everything was so old!  Sweet and sour chicken was grossss Spareribs was super dry and salty and greasy!  Fried rice was super old and hard! Gross -barBQ ban mi was super salty and so gross bread was overly toasted and super hard  The regular ham one was just as bad as well Spring roll was ok The quail was ok Place was super yuck! And prices were decent']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Keven U.', '4', "Great prices, great flavored food... I recommend sandwhiches #5 and #17.  I've been to Vietnam and yes, this food is the real deal.  Thanks to my Vietnamese room mate for recommending this olace to me."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kelly N.', '4', "Came here to grab a quick lunch on my way to the airport and I'm happy to say that I've found a pretty solid place for Banh Mi in San Jose. Their grilled pork Banh Mi was fresh and tasty and had a good ratio of meat and pickled veggies. It does come with peanuts (which is a bit odd for Banh Mi) but you can ask them to take them out.  Overall, a really good sandwich.  They also sell a lot of Vietnamese pastries and have an area for BBQ meats as well, so it's a good stop for Vietnamese foods and snacks."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ahmad J.', '5', "I was introduced to Huong Lan Sandwich a couple of years ago by a fried who described it as the best place to get Banh Mi in entire San Jose. Well the short review would be that he was right then and continues to be now. If you are interested in the longer version - Huong Lan Sandwich is like a Banh Mi chain with about 6 locations in the bay area all concentrated in the south. This location seems to be the mother ship but I may be wrong on that. Here apart from Banh Mi you also have a BBQ meat station and hot food steam table to your left. Once I got the BBQ duck over rice. Unfortunately, this was not good. The duck had hardly any meat. Having lived to Chinatown in downtown San Francisco, I'm used to getting juicy thick pieces of duck meat which was not the case here.  I stick to getting the Banh Mi and generally get the BBQ chicken, shredded chicken or sardines Banh Mi. Goes without saying that these sandwiches are as close to perfect as you can get. They have a decent amount of filling and vegetables are fresh. The best part is that the bread has the perfect crunch (unlike Lee's where the bread is a little too crunchy). The old women behind the ordering station speak basic English so there are no issues with ordering. They also have a numbering system for your order with the number being clearly displayed on the monitor so no issues in service. The Banh Mi are neatly packaged and once in a while you will get them in a nice brown paper bag. I remember price used to be $3 a couple of years ago, but this has increased to $4 now. Still it is one of the cheapest Banh Mi that you can get in the area. The only drawback is that it is a little far from where I live hence I don't come here very often."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mandi W.', '5', 'I am a fan! One of the best bahn mi spots in the peninsula!  $4 sandos, other premade meals and drinks for cheap as well.  I ordered the #5 BBQ pork sando and their #1 which is their original. Bread was fresh and had a great crunch, good meat to veggie to bun ratio.  I ordered an extra for later']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sammy L.', '3', "My second banh mi of the day as I was comparing it with Banh Mi Oven on Story Rd.  My first impression and thoughts of this grilled pork sandwich let's start with the bread it is extremely crispy on the outside and the inside is moist with the right amount of thickness. The grilled pork didn't seemed grilled more just maybe thrown in an oven and braised a bit the flavor was slightly sweet and salty. What I didn't enjoy is the topping that they add that has chopped peanuts, I wasn't sure about it the flavor was nutty and it wasn't off putting in anyway. I just don't like it in my banh mi. The veggies are pickled but didn't seem that fresh as my carrots were dried up a bit and shriveled. I think I was expecting way too much due to the hype.  TBH...I would have been happy as a clam just grabbing a gas station sandwich close to my house. The traffic congestion around here sometimes can get very chaotic. I grabbed a che from Bambu which made the drive back home much more pleasant.  Wrapping it up, if you want to try it go for it IF you are in the area and I didn't try anything else in the shop whatsoever and they have an assortment of Vietnamese treats so have at it!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cathrin P C.', '5', "Seriously can't get enough of this place! I wish they would do a better job of labeling their products. A lot of items don't have a price. Some items don't have any labels. Their receipts are not very descriptive either. When there is a label, it's usually in Vietnamese... I need to seriously educate myself before I come here. I can't find any place close to me that has Vietnamese pressed ham. Make sure you bring cash here so you can buy a little bit of everything to try"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sarmishtha S.', '5', "I love banh mi. And this was one of the best so far, which is saying something, what with Dallas AND San Francisco's competitive Vietnamese food scene. Not a date place but I'd still get the food to impress people (at least if the people are anything like me). We got 2 grilled pork banh mi, and shrimp spring rolls, and ended up having to take one sandwich back for later, it was so much food!! Sandwich was amazing, with great sauce and meat. The shrimp roll wasn't great, but eh. I can't wait to go back."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linh P.', '4', 'Best and most authentic Vietnamese place to grab Vietnamese food ^^  Due to its popularity, its price has been increasing through out this year Payment is with cash only']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'My N.', '5', "Let me just start off by saying I love all the great Vietnamese food San Jose has to offer. I fired up the Yelp app per usual and noticed Huong Lan had the most amount of reviews, while maintaining its 4 stars rating, so decided to stop by on my way to Monterey.  The grilled pork banh mi is a little different than your traditional Vietnamese banh mi. At Huong Lan, they add crushed peanuts inside to add the richness and texture that you may not be able to find in other banh mis. At $4 a banh mi, you can expect to get quality meat, great vegetables, and a well made baguette. I generally go for slimmer baguette's, but this one as a traditional roll, was slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Along with the banh mis, the store provides bubble tea, roasted pork, duck and a variety of premade meals, at a great price. I highly recommend stopping by here if you want to buy food for a road trip or just conveniently bringing some home for the weekend.  PLEASE NOTE - they are cash only, but there is an ATM inside that charges $2.25 for withdrawals. Not bad I'd have to say. Also, get the Thai tea. It's tasty!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Derek S.', '4', 'Huong Lan is a great place for fresh Vietnamese spring rolls. Came by the other day and got 3 very fresh and big rolls for $5. Cash only and they have an ATM inside.  Parking lot is decrepit and the interior is rather down too... Triple check to ensure that items are fresh and there was a time many moons ago where I got the banh cuon that was spoiled....and the BBQ was also spoiled...']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jando S.', '5', "By virtue of their banh mi alone, I think this place would merit 4 stars. It is indeed a solid baguette, complete with the kind of fixins that would merit the sub $4 price range. I appreciate the local love as well, which is why I came here to begin with. My only desire for their banh mi is more paté and more meat, which can be had, but not without an extra cost. It's not a skimpy sandwich by any means, but I like a heartier feel when the bread is semi-average at best. Where Huong Lan excels goes beyond their bread / sandwiches, they have a variety of Vietnamese snacks, treats, foods that would make any Lee's look ridiculous. On some front this could easily look like a convenience store with some Vietnamese fare, but dig a bit deeper and it's really so much more. Like many banh mi shops, they have a good number of apps, ranging from spring rolls (cha gio), summer rolls (goi cuon), pate chaud, banh canh, rice crepes (banh cuon) along with some pickled meats / veggies perfect for a BBQ or group meal. They also have a range of boba and make a killer Vietnamese iced coffee. The open kitchen isn't as obvious unless one gazes toward the back and suddenly it hits you: it's huge. There is probably more room in there than there is in the regular convenience store / dining area. Three should be a team of people back there whipping up some of the best Viet classics one could ask for. Among them, is their roasted meats. This isn't Canto BBQ good, but it's right up there for those who can appreciate a quality roasted duck or a succulently juicy quail. They also make killer meat skewers, especially the chicken, which is as sweet as it is savory. The pork patties (nem nuong), pork chop (thit nuong), and loaves of Vietnamese style ham (cha lua) is sinfully good. I might just come back for these alone next time. It's not cleanest place in the world and would certainly qualify as a dive eatery for many folks not used to this scene. I've seen homeless, cracked out folks out front at times and some shady patrons just hanging around the table / seating area. Don't let any of it get in the way of delicious food. There is a lot to appreciate here and be sure to bring just enough cash (no credit cards accepted here) for a quality meal."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shannon L.', '4', "PSA: CASH ONLY! This place has really affordable banh mi and prepackaged foods/desserts.  And the Vietnamese coffee is bomb!  There's plenty of parking and it's near the freeway so it's super easy to swing by if you're on the way to somewhere else.   Really, there's nothing to lose by coming here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tiff M.', '1', 'Drove through town expecting a authentic banh mi shop with the great reviews. Ended up being disappointed. Have had much tastier banh mis. Will not be back.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wiseley F.', '5', "Solid banh mi, I finally ate this fresh and it's so much better than waiting a few hours (duh). Standard process, bring cash, line up at the register and order from the giant pictures displayed in the back. Personally I enjoy my Grilled Pork w/ a fried egg on top but I'm sure you'll be good with any order. One thing that I want to make sure to note is that the bun does NOT cut the roof of my mouth. No matter sacrificing my gums to the sandwich gods to enjoy a banh mi. The staff were super nice and patient with me. Either I'm getting more accepting of the fact that I don't speak any Vietnamese or they're just super friendly but I'll accept it (I'm not Vietnamese).  Easy grab n go, just make sure you bring cash. Plenty of parking."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Monica S.', '3', "Stopped by for a Banh Mi Thit Nuong. My big complaint is that there was only 1 1/2 thin slices of Thit Nuong in my sandwich. Although it's traditional to put lots of vegetables and some meat into a Banh Mi, the meat was awfully meager. For $3.44 + tax, you pay for what you get, but I'm not going to run back anytime soon."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer L.', '4', "Dare I say, THE best banh mis in the Bay??? I dare. Okok let's start with my first visit here. The SJ bud HIGHLY recommended this place. Said their banh mi sandwiches were out of control here. So of course we had to come. Ordered my banh mi cha ca (fish cake) and a bbq pork for the bud. Head home. Get excited to chowwww down! Open the bag. Where's my fish cake? Wait. Where's the bbq pork?!? Sooo very long story short. They gave us the wrong sandwiches. Not one wrong. But both. And I don't eat meat soooo I didn't get to try any. I have no idea what happened. NO ONE else was there when we ordered. The universe didn't want us to have our sandwiches. It's okay, next time.  BUT I thought about those sandwiches ALL wk. Headed back to SJ determined to get it right. And boy, was it right. Triple checked my order. Got my banh mi cha ca. YASS. That bread. Perfectly toasted. That fish cake. OMG the best id ever had. Those veggies. Super fresh. And that mayo. Just the right amount. I'll be back FOR SURE. I want to give this spot a 5 star bc the food was SO good and the workers meant well, but I was down two sandwiches. Next time. 4 stars!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rebecca T.', '5', 'CASH ONLY Super affordable banh mi and they are delicious. Grilled chicken is what I normally order.  They also sell pennywort here in bottles in their fridges.  They also sell Vietnamese snacks, ready to eat rice dishes, baguettes, and they have a hot food area as well.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cindy C.', '4', "My mom has been taking to me Huong Lan Sandwich since I was a kid. I remember always being super excited to come here because the store was huge and they had everything a Vietnamese girl could want: - Sandwiches!!! (Decent considering their cheap prices) - Coffee, milk tea, smoothies, and desserts - Roast pork and duck - Spring rolls and egg rolls - Variety of sweet and savory pastries - Variety of Vietnamese dishes to go The only thing that makes me sad about this place is that it's still CASH ONLY."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'J I.', '2', "What happened?  This used to be a destination sandwich shop.  It was one of the best Banh Mi's around. On Saturday it was an odd mix of veggies and the pickling lacked vinegar.  The meatball was good, but if you've run out of chau siu, just tell me and I'll order something else, don't try and make a subpar sandwich."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anny C.', '5', 'This is a quick Vietnamese Fast Food Joint. You can get a variety of different dishes for quit cheap. Banh Mi They have the best banh mis here! They were even featured on a newspaper a few years back on having the best Vietnamese Sandwiches in the bay are. My favorite is #1, and you can ask for a "Supersize Me", which essentially means extra meat for maybe $0.50 more.  Roasted Pig I don\'t know how they do it, but the pork skin is always EXTRA crispy, even if you go later in the day. The roasted pig is charged by the pound. Currently, it\'s $11 a pound and pairs VERY well with the plum sauce. I usually ask for extra plum sauce to eat it with rice.  BBQ Pork Huong Lan has the best BBQ pork in town. It has amazing flavor, it\'s sweet and savory. I\'d prefer to have this fresh because the meat is more tender. When you go later in the day, it\'s a little more tough (maybe because I have to heat it back up before I eat it). Cha Lua (Pork loaf roll?) Whenever I\'m here, I always pick up a roll. It\'s easy to eat as a snack, or to even throw in a pan to quickly make some fried rice. I actually like this as a supplement when I\'m making kim chi fried rice. It doesn\'t over power the taste of how kim chi tastes. Spring Rolls The spring rolls are place on a counter in the middle of the restaurant, but it always tastes super fresh. Doesn\'t matter what time of the day I go. It never fails for something quick and healthy.  Overall, I\'ve never had anything bad at this place, and since I live close by, it\'s always my go to.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jee Mee H.', '5', 'Best banh mi place. I always go during off times to avoid a line. Super fresh ingredients. Big portions. Bread is soft in the middle and crunchy on the outside. And it heats up in the toaster oven so well! So make sure to get one for later! Cash only.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jason G.', '3', 'The sandwiches are tasty.  I like their bang mi and the bread that they use has a nice crunchy exterior and soft chewy interior.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Doug C.', '5', "Landmark cheap eats restaurant by 101. There are elderly homeless people here. I buy the old lady homeless person food when I see her.  They have a combination of sandwiches, rice snacks in foam plates for takeout covered in saran wrap like bahn cuon and hot takeout combo bento type boxes.  Can't get a better deal anywhere. Just be careful of the meat products at all cheap Asian restaurants. Have to watch those prion concentrations! If you get up to the cascade reaction you get cognitive decline."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Terry D.', '4', "After all these years... Huong Lan is still my go-to place for banh mi! I usually get BBQ pork w/ pate and extra jalapeños. The price is right and the sandwich is pretty filling for me.  Another favorite from here would be the coconut jelly in coconut. It's so refreshing and satisfying on a hot day. It's a must every time! My kids love it and never want to share (shady kids) lol.  CASH ONLY! -1 star."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rod M.', '4', 'Cheap tasty banh mi grilled pork sandwich. Reminds me of a Mexican Supermarket and the service was very good. The price was very cheap and the meat /bread was all very fresh as well. Thank you yelp!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gary W.', '3', "Don't let first impressions discourage you from enjoying a great bahn mi sandwich here. Large toasted baguette roll and fresh ingredients stuffed inside with their secret sauce. All this at a bargain price. My #5 with bbq'd pork was only $3.75. Can't vouch for the other food, but I'm sold on the sandwiches. Service is fast and well organized. Large parking lot."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna N.', '4', 'Great place for quick and easy Vietnamese to go. You can get single servings, rice and your choice of sides. Or you can order larger portions family style. They pretty much have any homey Vietnamese dish you can think of, desserts as well. I came in the morning and everything was just cooked fresh. The crispy pork is a must try! They do have a small seating area if you opt for eating inside.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew S.', '4', "CASH ONLY! I tried a bunch of sandwiches from here and it was quite good. 1. bread was not super hard so it doesn't cut the roof of my mouth  2. ample topping and pate 3. ample meat I wish they would mark which sandwich has which meat. Even the rubber bands where all the same color so I just ate it blindly. They were all quite tasty, especially the BBQ Pork."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hung H.', '3', 'Few years ago , this restaurant was my favorite place.I always stopped  there every time I went to San Jose. Lately the bread is not good as it used to be . The grilled pork was salty and does not have the flavor as of Duc Huong. In general I think it was average. Nothing special . Not too good, not too bad.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vy T.', '5', "*******CASH ONLY*******Didn't think these cheap (relatively lol) Viet delis existed in the Bay! Really appreciated how early this place opened (6:00AM!) Friends and I headed out early and found few places open in San Jose. As a cheap, early bird option for the ones who seek it, Huong Lan is 10/10 in my book! Thanks for being there for me when I needed you the most &hearts; The GOOD: - PRICE! Your $5 bill goes a long way here lol If you're picking up a lunch for one, you can expect to pay $3.50 - 4.50 on average per dish/ banh mi (tax already included). Friends and I went overboard and bought breakfast, lunch, and dinner there... lol  - They have a high-tech numbering system - Parking was ez pz with the public plaza parking  - They have hot buffet food, roasted duck, and bubble tea you can order as well ( you have very little options at 6 in the morning, so while it may not be the best option for these things, it's nice that it's out there haha) - They have some rare Vietnamese childhood goodies there too like Pha Lau (intestines in stew) and different sweet rice desserts and jellies. Just look around, you'll probably find something that suits you The MEH: - I didn't enjoy their spring rolls. Friends and I bought all the different kinds (bia, regular shrimp, pork, etc.), but I found them falling apart with their mushy rice paper (this can be helped by using less water) and the sauces not being consistent with the type of spring roll people are buying. If you are craving spring rolls, I recommend finding the ones with peanut sauce. Fish sauce based one was super salty and needs more sugar. - We bought a big piece of their Cha Lua or Vietnamese pork sausages to nom on the way, but it didn't coagulate as tightly as it should have been. It kinda fell apart."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Natasha C.', '5', "Amazing sandwiches & Vietnamese food.  Banh mi 3.75$ Banh beo 3.75$ I think it's cash only.  Fast service & lots of parking Also ppl saying it's ghetto... well fool welcome to east side. It's not Santana row... it's a real local spot."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jay L.', '3', 'Ordered a bunch of sandwiches for a group. The sandwiches were okay but did not quite meet expectations for a 4 star Yelp average.. But the sandwiches are cheap! The bread was somewhat dry and there could have been just a little bit more flavor to the meats. 3.5 stars.  Also, I called in the order. It was not perfect, and we ended up with shredded chicken instead of house vegetarian. The connection on their end was not great. Double check your order if you are picking up!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shubhra S.', '5', "This place is a hidden gem for Vietnamese sandwiches and roasted meats. Now, don't go judging the book by its cover.. the shop has a lot of things in it so it might not seem easy to navigate. My typical go-to is the combo banh mi sandwich during and their Viet coffee (VERY STRONG) -- you'll be delightfully stuffed from eating the sandwich and quite awake from the caffeine coursing your veins.. ;)  Things to note:  - extra parking in the street behind the plaza - they are cash only - the roast meats are perfect main course for dinner or lunch! you can also get rice plates."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stefany V.', '4', "Huong Lan is like a convenience store location providing the selection of a Vietnamese food festival, but with a chandelier inexplicably hanging from the ceiling in the lobby. My check-ins don't accurately reflect my patronage, because half the time I get here and forget their cash only policy until I'm in the parking lot. They have an ATM, but I'm not about that mandatory service fee life. Go safe with the ever-popular bahn mi or a pack of fresh spring rolls, or get more adventurous with pre-made plates, various desserts, or a random choice from their massive drink menu.  I don't even know half of what I've eaten here because it isn't labelled, but I do know that I haven't spent over $6/meal. I also know that I will be back every time I'm in the area."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lilly W.', '5', "Super cheap!! All sandwiches are under $4 and super filling. I would highly recommend the extra meat for 75 cents though. I think it's worth it. I really like number one but without the pate. I tried number 4 (chicken) today, it was really good. It didn't look like chicken, more like pork, but it was tasty.  The eggrolls are just okay. Nothing too special but it is also very cheap. A good place to grab something to go fast while you are on a budget."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wendy D.', '4', "The banh mis here are very good. The bread is softer and chewier than most I've had, but it's still fresh and crispy on the outside. They have assortment of meats and include pickled veggies, pate, and the butter mayo! The inside is larger than I thought. They sell plenty of other foods and also seems to double as a mini Vietnamese market with snack and food aisles. There's also a seating place to eat your food. The outside parking lot is a bit sketchy as most have said. There was a homeless man right outside the door..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Teresa V.', '4', 'They have good sandwiches. A nice open shop with seating, displays of premade food, hot food, drinks, and sandwiches. In general I like that this place has everything. Parking is tight tho. I thought the banh bot loc was not as flavorful as other places but still very good. The sandwiches here r excellent tho.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Salvador M.', '5', "Best bahn mi sandwich I've ever tasted. BBQ pork was super fresh and delicious will definitely go back when I visit the Bay Area"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Annie D.', '5', "One of my favorite places in San Jose. I probably come here too much. I always stop by before work to pick up a little platter and some ice coffee to take me through my workday. They have almost everything you would want short of going to an actual sit-down restaurant. Really good spring rolls, Vietnamese sandwiches, Vietnamese desserts. I haven't tried the hot food bar yet but it looks very tasty. Might try it during a weekend one day."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nazuki Y.', '5', 'Good and cheap Vietnamese sandwich place. It opens really early too. I love this place. This place will be my go to Vietnamese sandwich place.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Minh H.', '3', "Had their #1 combination sandwich and it was good enough. Been on a Vietnamese sandwich craze lately and prefer Duc Huong on story road. However, I had their grilled pork which isn't the same comparison. I'll try Huong Lan grilled pork next for the final test."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric T.', '3', "Prices are reasonable, but their sandwich, I would have preferred if their number 1 don't use American ham. Their pate was a bit on the saltier side and their bread is better than Lee's Sandwich.  Ironically I found their roast duck was yummy."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bryan W.', '5', 'There\'s only so many types of food that still tastes amazingly fresh even after a few days. To me, that food is a classic Banh Mi sandwich. Whether you eat it immediately after you purchase your sandwich or whether you rebake it the next day, you are guaranteed to have a delicious experience - if you bake it correctly of course.  The beautiful thing about Banh Mi sandwiches is that almost every Vietnamese shop can make a decent sandwich. From chains such as Lee\'s and Banh Mi Che Cali, to mom and pop shops like Oakland\'s Cam Hung, each place can make a good Banh Mi sandwich.  But only the best places can deliver a perfect experience. And I believe that\'s what you get at Huong Lan Sandwich. Recently, my girlfriend dropped off a BBQ sandwich from Huong Lan. After hearing about it so much, I was stoked to finally try it. Even though my sandwich was a day old, damn I have to say that it was one of the best Banh Mi sandwiches I have ever had, PERIOD. Maybe it was how I baked it, but the BBQ meat was so tender, the vegetables on the side were fresh, and the bread was plentiful. And I mean it, Huong Lan does not skip on the bread.  But I think the best part was that the sandwich wasn\'t more than what it was. It wasn\'t overflowing with meat, nor was it stuffed with too much mayo. It was clean, delicious, and perfect. Reflecting on my experiences with Banh Mi, it was probably the second best I\'ve had - only falling behind Cam Hung, Oakland\'s finest Banh Mi shop. Overall, I understand why so many people rave about Huong Lan Sandwich. Their banh mi is the BOMB MIIIII. It was crispy, meat was delicious, and portion size was great. I would definitely travel all the way to SJ for this. For that, I give this an "omg, I\'d travel 2 hours for this." Eat well and prosper,']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sally H.', '4', "Extremely affordable and very delicious! My go-to if I don't want to splurge on my stomach yet want to feel satisfied. They serve banh mis and pre-made appetizers and entrees. I always get the BBQ pork banh mi with extra jalapenos and it costs less than $4. Huge portion.  DISCLAIMER: This place is cash only though so make sure you bring at least $10."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Desiree R.', '5', 'Cash only- I literally just came here for only the Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Came in at 7:50AM, they had rows of standard to go cups ready & filled with ice waiting behind the register. There was only one person ahead of me, and even then, they opened the second register. I was in and out of there in 3 minutes tops. Coffee was strong and sweet, standard taste and what I needed =$3.50.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cynthia X.', '3', 'Came in for the Banh mi, and it was just ok. At $3.50, the price is reasonable, but nothing really special about the sandwich. The baguette was really dense, and filled me up. I like my baguette more on the airy side, while crunchy on the outside. Definitely have had better.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Winnie T.', '4', "$3.50 tax included and cash only Banh Mi! Coming from Davis area, this is delicious! The bread is soft and had a good filling to dough ratio. They have like 9 options to choose from. I personally like #1 the combo with pate. I wish they wrote the number of the order on the wrapping of the sandwiches because we didn't know what was what. We ordered 6 different ones (skip the sardines, C did not really love that one) and 4 almost looked identical without dissecting the sandwiches. They were all good though. They also offer a variety of food items. Ranging from hot deli items, roasted duck, pre packaged lunch combos, meats, snacks, drinks. parking: private free lot. shared with other stores and a super market."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kim D.', '5', "Love this place. We live in San Diego and every time we're in San Jose we have to stop by."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angel N.', '5', 'I always order the banh mi chay with egg and my boyfriend always gets #7 thit nuong - we love it each and every time. My banh mi chay - Bread is always crunchy and fresh, fillings yummy and savory with the carrots and soy sauce, cilantro, etc.  I love the real coconuts that they sell!! Yummmm']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michelle C.', '4', "Massive sandwich for a super cheap price. Cool little market. Those are the top 2 things I remember. Oh, and the super sketch, highly congested traffic vicinity. My sandwich: #7 Thit Nuong. I remember it came on a big fluffy roll, had some interesting- flavored mayo, lots of veggies, so different and so good. I wish I bought some of the sweet treats but I can't read  anything besides typical English letters, so I played it safe and just thought about eating them. :) Would I go back? Yeah, maybe."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Marc K.', '4', "This place is worth the drive to get a Vietnamese sandwich in my opinion. It adds the feel of an Asian community while eating it instead of hitting a Lee's that could be located anywhere!  The sandwiches are really tasty and pretty cheap!  I also love to get an order of duck over rice while there as that adds so much flavor to the meal! It's not the most modern or clean place, but somehow that adds to the joy of getting the sandwich :-)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kelly L.', '2', "Wanted a banh mi but didn't to drive far all the way to Capitol for one.  Store is very old and dirty looking and we found some moldy sliced bread on the shelf when we were waiting in line. The BF wanted to turn back and leave but I said that the sandwiches should be fine since it was a different kind of bread and that this place has such high ratings.  We each ordered the #2 but I wanted extra pate on mine. Expected to be charged $.25 cents for extra pate like other sandwich places but I was charged a whooping $.75 cents. Don't order extra pate...!!!! You hardly get any extra here. It was literally just the regular amount and a tiny bit more, not worth the extra money.  I was not amazed by this place, it wasn't amazing. They are pretty stingy with their pate and meat. For the price of their sandwich, you can go elsewhere where you'll get a much bigger and better tasting sandwich for the same price if not less."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ro L.', '3', "$1 extra for patê!!?! I love patê so yes you can catch me requesting it on my non-traditional #1 order. the prices have gone up  used to be like $3.25 or $3.59. I would rather venture to Banh Mi Oven or the other location on Story Rd. Might pay a bit more but in my opinion, better quality and they don't randomly charge whatever they please each time you visit."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wilson T.', '3', "Although it has the authentic flavor,  it's still basic and a bit disappointing. The banh cuon(7.00) is mostly all wrappings and barely meat. Coffee is exceptionally strong but not filled to the rim. Cup filled with ice and basically has three shots of coffee in it. Not bad but not impressive."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lena T.', '4', "I mainly come here for the sandwiches whenever I'm town. This place is the bf's favorite place for sandwiches. Although, they recently changed their bread texture (bf's complaint). I always order the special (dac biet) with extra mayo and pate. This place is your typical Vietnamese fast food joint, there is a variety of other choices aside from the sandwiches. I would avoid getting any of the pearl drinks/boba. Quality is eh, and it costs more than the dang sandwich (makes no sense). Getting to this plaza is a pain and there is always traffic around the area. Avoid parking infront of the establishment because you might end up getting blocked by an entitled individual who doesn't want to walk."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jo D.', '4', "So good, this place is! I can only speak on the sandwiches. Inexpensive, fresh veggies, tasty meats, and amazing, soft bread! Location is cool.. Parking lot can be hellish during lunch hour, but for the most part it's worth swinging by this sport for a delicious banh mi!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mai Y.', '5', "Whyyyy has it taken me soooo long to find this holy place of Vietnamese banh mi!!! My life is finally complete! This place literally has the best banh mi I've ever had in my life.  I had the ever popular #1 with ham and pate. The pate is soooo good! That's what makes this place a star. I feel like I'm gushing, but it's really the only way to describe the pate. I also love the bread here. A lot of places have really hard baguettes that scrape the roof of your mouth and tire out your jaw from all the chewing, but the bread here is surprisingly soft compared to other banh mis I've had.   The springs rolls here were also delicious and tasted relatively fresh. (you know how some places have the spring rolls sitting out on the table for daaayyys).  My boyfriend had the grilled pork sandwich and the pork was really flavorful and good.  The line can get long occasionally but it's well worth the wait and they make the sandwiches pretty quickly.  After eating here, I will never go to Lee's Sandwiches ever again."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yen Yen C.', '2', "Essentially a mini vietnamese market + deli + milk shakes + bbq meats but I am not impressed.  Meatball sandwich: they skimped on the pickled vegetables, which is like the best part! Meatball was ordinary. Def had my fair share of tastier sandwiches.  Pre-packaged thit nuong roll: it's grilled pork wrapped in a rice roll, not the clear kind though. Worse roll I've ever had. Pork had a funny smell, the sauce was disgusting, and it just wasn't good.  I was really excited to try this but I'm so disappointed, I won't ever come back."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Daniel D.', '4', 'Love this spot. i eat here like twice a week at least. there is a tiny bit of a language barrier but they treat customers appreciatively. Many items go like hotcakes so often its first come first serve for the hot food selection and \'Deli" type prepackage items.. The bbq meats like duck, pig, and quails etc (over white rice with pickled veggies around $7).. always prepared to order. sandwiches as well. and super affordable but good size sandwiches (like $3.75), except the breakfast style two they have, but the quality is worth it.. only bad is the parking lot is a madhouse and usually a guy or two begging for money, just ignore them just like they ignore the signs discouraging panhandling put up for customers safety and comfort']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steve C.', '4', 'I ordered a no.#1 sandwich there. It costs $4. The bread is very fresh and crisp. The sandwich itself tastes great. The size is more than enough for an adult. This is not a restaurant or fast food outlet. Nevertheless there are tables and chairs so you can enjoy the food there leisurely.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Helen D.', '4', "I used to frequent this spot growing up. They have roasted duck and pork and pretty much all the Vietnamese snacks and goodies, freshly prepared that morning. I like the sandwiches just fine, especially the cold cuts. Their Viet coffee is legit, no weird hazelnut or vanilla flavoring. It's cash only and service is pretty bare boned. Order n pay. There are a few tables if you wanna sit n eat. Parking is easy, in a small plaza. The end."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Robert P.', '4', "This has been the go-to banh mi place my entire life. The sandwiches are cheap (in the $3.XX range) and tasty. They don't have as much filling as trendier banh mi shops, but in my opinion the sandwiches are more authentic here. The only sandwiches I've had tried are the ham/pate/headcheese and the grilled pork but I haven't gotten bored of them yet. They also have pretty big selection of premade food too, but I've found them to be hit or miss. The nem chua is good (pork or beef is available). The banh bot loc wasn't.  The store is located in a plaza and parking is pretty easy. Just note that the lot can get a little sketchy at times."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Matthew G.', '5', 'ZOMG that was delicious.  i actually saved my sandwich for the next day.  asked for the veggies in a separate bag so it wont make my bread soggy.  all i did was toast my bread and it was nice and crispy.  added the veggies and BAM.  best banh mi ever.  i got the grilled pork.  plenty of meat to veggie ratio.  the only downside to this place is cash only.  the sandwiches are cheap but you still cant pay for it if you got no cash.  sad life.  so remember at least 10 bucks.  never tried any of their other stuff.  i just go straight for the sandwiches.  when you got something good, you dont change. this place has good hours. doesnt close too late.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lin S.', '4', "I like to buy their packaged banh cuon dish and sometimes treat myself to their sugar cane drink. The drink can be a bit too sweet, so I wait for the ice to melt to dilute the sweetness.  The prices are so affordable for their mini tray packaged meals (between $3.25 - $6.00 depending on size and type of dish) that I find myself coming at least every two weeks whenever I'm too lazy to make dinner. It's either buy their mini tray packaged meals or get Subway. Both are about the same price, so I would rather get delicious home made tasting food here over Subway any day. Sometimes when I come late around 8:00 p.m., the lady at the register tells me it's BOGO for the packaged meals. Score! Guess they're trying to get rid of them before it expires. They have a deli here, too, but it doesn't look too appetizing to me. Who knows? I could be wrong. They are known for their sandwiches which are really good! I like to get the BBQ pork sandwich. Great price, too, lower than other Vietnamese sandwich shops.  My only gripes are it is CASH ONLY. There is an ATM inside the store. Also, they don't put a mini sticker with the expiration date on some of the packaged meals (which they should do to indicate freshness, right?), so I avoid buying those for fear of food poisoning."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John D.', '4', 'Huong Lan Sandwiches (HLS) is one of the oldest Bánh mì shops in SJ; I\'ve been told by some East Siders that it is *the* original Bánh mì shop in SJ, but I don\'t have any evidence of that. With multiple locations throughout Cali, HLS is one of the biggest local chains in the state. HLS was also featured in the 2002 PBS Documentary "Sandwiches That You Will Like" ( ), and is the perennial favorite Bánh mì shop for most SJ residents--as evidenced by their Yelp 4.5-star average. HLS is not my #1 spot, but is definitely in my Top 5. Here\'s a quick rundown: Sandwiches: Bread- Always fresh, super crusty and a soft interior makes this the quintessential Bánh mì bread of choice. Be warned that the crusty exterior will "Cap\'n Crunch" your mouth if you\'re not careful. 4* Meat- I typically stick with their #1: Thit Nguoi (Ham, Pâté, & Headcheese), as I\'m a sucker for Headcheese and their Pâté is sweet and just the right amount of livery flavor. Their #8: Cá Mòi (Sardines) is a close 2nd for me--as I can\'t get enough of those fishy little guys (gotta get those Omega-3s, son!) and the Tomato Sauce they coat them in is a terrific accompaniment. They give you plenty of meat, but if you\'re feeling extra hungry I\'d suggest adding on for a paltry 75¢ extra. 4.5* Veggies- Fresh, crisp and just the right amount of pickled veggies. They definitely add to the sandwich, instead of detracting from it. 4* Service & Ambiance- HLS is located in one of ESSJ\'s most "urban" locations, and is always surrounded by Local Outdoor Enthusiasts (LOE) begging for spare change. Lately, the LOE have become so brazen that they\'re sauntering into the store and harassing the customers while the employees do nothing. 1* Value- This is definitely HLS\'s strong suit, as you can get a delicious sandwich for only $3.25, and throw in some spring rolls, or a Bubble Tea drink, and still keep it well under $10. Also, their Roasted Duck Rice Plate is a terrific value at only $6! 5* HLS is more than sandwiches, as they\'re also a full-service Viet deli, as well--with Roast Ducks hanging in the window and everything! Odds are if it\'s Viet and you want it, then HLS has it. For me I\'ll stick with the Bánh mì, but from all the bits I\'ve sampled here over the years it\'s all good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thao H.', '5', 'The best viet sandwiches in San Jose! I wish I lived closer. The ladies here never get my order wrong like a lot of the other places. They give a good amount of meat and I love that they include raw onions in their sandwiches. This review is way overdue. This is my favorite banh mi shop!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stephanie C.', '4', "3.50 Vietnamese sandwiches are worth it! I got the #1 and it was filled with plenty of meat and pickled veggies. The thit nuong (bbq pork) one was a little odd to me, just because it definitely didn't look BBQed. But large store, you will find plenty of delicious meals, snacks, and desserts all in one place!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Phantasya T.', '5', "Ever since i was a child in middle school, this has been one of our families go to fast food restaurant. Not only are their sandwich's  better then anywhere else, but hey also have other dishes that are hot on hand. I will never stop coming here ever!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kali K.', '4', "I always come here at lease once when I come to San Jose. Their pate is really good. My favorite sandwich is #1 and my husband's favorite is #5. They put just the right amount of meat and pickled vegetables. The jalapeno is too spicy for me though."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yennie L.', '4', 'Another spot where I would order vietnamese banh mi and premade trays of food. Nommies!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joy U.', '4', "Once upon a time there was a fair maiden who graciously attended a social gathering hosted by a dear friend. As she scoured the crowd toward the party's bounty, she noticed a dish so simple yet golden. A supposedly simple eggroll with a twist. A shrimp tail hanging out on its end caught her attention to sample this simple fare. Never did she knew that that one bite would start her life's quest. A quest to find that perfect shrimp egg roll.  This was no ordinary eggroll. It was crispy and yet not overly wrapped.  In every bite one can taste and see the shrimp encased in the center surrounded by meat and spices. It was seasoned on point with a  hint of sweetness and crunch. From then on the maiden looked for clues to her quest. Taking directions near and far. Even if life takes her away somedays from her mission, in her heart she persevered. It took  about two friggin years when she found the name... Huong Lan ... Huong Lan... Like music in somebody else's ears... It reverberates when spoken in a magical cave. She then went to the wise old wizard of Yelp! for guidance and direction. She was given a map for the location and was lead towards 'Or Road of Tully where she found the place. It was more of a sandwhich place with other food fares. Upon her arrival It tempted her, distracted her on it's huge array of vietnamese merchandise. But the hunger in her spirit kept her focus to finish her quest. Finally she found the chest (there are two freezer chests - open the one in the right) that contained her prize possession.  Cold , frozen- hard (egg) rolls of success!!! For $16 dollars a pack (20 pcs) it was worth the adventure."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eleazar P.', '4', "Can't complain great prices and food. Selection of food is great here but I come for the sandwiches!!! Cash only so be ready!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Winnie Y.', '4', 'I came here to grab a Vietnamese sandwich before heading out for a hiking trip. Huong Lan Sandwich is located in a dirty and depressing-looking plaza, but the atmosphere inside the store is quite lively and the place is bustling. I ordered #1, which has ham, pate, and headcheese. I didn\'t eat it until 1-2 hours later, but it was still good. As a heads up for all those "can\'t take any spice" people, there\'s a few jalapeno slices in the sandwich, so be sure to pick those out before you find yourself with a burning mouth. There wasn\'t enough of the flavorful filling for my liking, which made it a bit difficult to take in the dry bread, but I really couldn\'t complain too much since it was only around $3.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vy N.', '1', 'This used to be one of my favorite place to get banh mi. But not anymore... Today, I ordered  a banh mi thit nguoi for my mom and a banh mi thit nuong for myself. It was hot so we thought it was going to be delicious, but after taking the first bite out .... the  banh mi thit nguoi and banh mi thit nuong had toomuch soysauce and mayo in it. Both my mom and I got kinda sick after eating it.. :(']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ming L.', '5', 'If you crave for the authentic Vietnam food,this is the place should not be missed.It is my first time to come here just for papaya salad at first,but then I was distracted by this simple spot squeezed with different kinds of Vietnam snacks and other food.Highly recommend the grilled pork sandwich there.Not only the price is quite competitive but also fresh veggies and the meat are combined with the perfect ratio.In addition,the bagatelle is soft while the section in the middle is crispy that scratches your teeth.If you are not ready to eat right now, you can ask to wrap the veggies separately.By the way,the ladies there are so nice and friendly.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kathleen L.', '5', "I grew up with this place. My go-to Vietnamese sandwich shop!  The prices of the sandwiches went up, but it's okay. I understand. The prices shown for the sandwiches is already included tax. At Vietnamese sandwich shops, I always order #1, which is Thit Nguoi (ham). The bread is always soft and toasty and the ingredients always taste fresh. Also, service is quick and friendly. I always see the same workers here. Keep up the good work! Huong Lan will always be my go-to Vietnamese sandwich shop."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Natalie D.', '5', "I got the grilled pork and it's pretty good! I liked the fried garlic in it. I am not a fan of peanuts so I requested it out. I also got the fresh sugar cane drink. That's heaven. I would definite come back  They also got bunch of other options so you won't leave empty handed."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dan C.', '5', '3.50 for a very filling and satisfying bahn mi. The place also has cheap vermicelli, drinks, and counter for rice plates. Bring cash as it is cheap enough to easily buy several meals.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Raquel K.', '3', 'cash only...its busy during lunch. the French bread is crispy hard on the outside and soft in the inside. there is no substitution for croissant,  unless you buy the whole bag. They dont only serve sandwiches but also plate lunches, roasted bbq meats in one section. drinks, ready made dishes, snacks in the market section.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew C.', '4', "This is a no frills place to go for Banh Mi! The wall behind the register is lined with pictures that clearly (and accurately) show what the sandwich is, what comes in each of the sandwiches, and how much they cost.  Once you pay, they even give you a number on your receipt and they call out your number via intercom & display on their big screen. What else could you want? I always opt for the number 1, which is the ham, pate, headcheese combo and the number 7, which is the grilled pork. There's so much flavor in each of these sandwiches, and the 7 comes with a nice sprinkle of peanuts in the sandwich. They definitely sell lots of other vietnamese dishes here, but I've never tried. If you're looking for a banh mi shop near 101, this is the place to go"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thomas K.', '5', "Been going here forever. Amazing selection of rice noodle prepacked meals and desserts on the tables. By far the best sandwiches- and trust me I've tried them all. Never ate anything from steam tray section so that I cannot comment on. Love the fresh pressed sugar cane juice."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Phi N.', '4', "Came here and picked up some kind of rolls with meat inside, banh bot loc, banh it, and the #1 sandwich. 4* for the banh it, banh bot loc, & sauce for the rolls. 3* for the actual rolls and the sandwich (it just didn't do it for me; not sure why... maybe it could have used more mayo and a diff type of pate. I would also recommend double meat if they offer it)  However, I see that people love the sandwiches here. I think I'll have to come back and try some of the other ones."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Claire J.', '1', "So we ordered the combination sandwich and the bbq pork sandwich. I can't tell you how it was because we never got to taste those sandwiches. Instead we were given 2 sandwiches with some shredded things (I'm assuming fish cake) some pickle veggies and a piece of cilantro. We didn't find out until we were ready to eat. We were forced to eat it because we were starving but didn't really finish it. I'm not sure if they gave us someone else's order but either way it was not good.  I was excited to try this place due to to the good reviews and it was an affordable place. Disappointing. Oh yea we did buy the meat eggrolls for my son and that was okay. If I go back to this place, I will definitely check my back before I leave the place to make sure they gave me the right order."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenn W.', '3', "We got a box of 2 spring rolls ($3.25) and one BBQ pork banh mi ($3.50) and one packed chicken over rice ($4.75?) for two of us. Barely finished all three things, the sandwich was pretty big. Heads up that there are a lot of seeded jalapeno slices in the sandwich! Not sure if the cashier would have understood if we said no spicy, but they were pretty easy to pick out. The spring rolls were fresh and really tasty. I'd consider getting a platter of these for a party next time, maybe!  Sandwich was a bit tall for my mouth so eating it was a struggle, but that's just a logistical problem lol. The chicken and rice was just ok, I'd probably try a bun next time."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John P.', '5', 'This is my "go to" place when I need a whole roast pig for a party. The service is great and they are always on time. The pig has a great crispy skin and the meat is done to perfection. The pig is cleaned very well and they give me lots of sauce for the sides. I\'ve never been disappointed or embarrassed to bring their roast pig to a party. I\'ve ordered it three times so far and I\'ll be ordering again this month. It\'s cash only so be prepared to pay with green U$D.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Peter L.', '4', 'Great if you need something quick, or to have on hand, whenever hunger strikes. Of course, there are other similar joints but this is my favorite because of their sandwiches. The meats they use just taste better and their baguette crust is not too hard nor soft. That means it is good to eat immediately or and can still toaster-oven without drying it out. I always get something for late night snacking and for next day breakfast/lunch, usually extras for a other days meals. The variety of items and at different portion sizes allow you to have as little or as much food as you want (you can order large food trays too). There are many tables if you want to eat-in too. Bonus: A VNese "banh mi": ( ). SF Bay Area "banh mi" map ( ).']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Brendan D.', '5', "The five stars is mostly for their banh mi as it's my favorite grilled pork sandwich around.  I've been coming here since I was young, and I have yet to find another grilled pork sandwich I enjoy more.  Their other sandwiches are good as well, but if you're struggling with a decision, I highly recommend the grilled pork one.  This location is pretty big, so there is a lot of Vietnamese dishes/goodies you can buy, and they also have a deli section that includes asian BBQ goods.  I can't say I've tried everything from here, but I'm pretty sure I've had a decent amount of the foods they sell, and it's all been yummy.  I do have to admit the store is a bit dirty looking/feeling, but I've always gotten my food togo,and don't let that keep you from enjoying the food! They offer some pearl drinks are a decent price as well, and I actually quite enjoy some of them.  My favorite would have to be the Taro Milk with pearls.  It's real Taro mixed with some milk, but they give you a really good amount of Taro chunks.  It might be on the sweet side for some, and I'm not sure if the sweetness can be adjusted, but it's definitely something you should try if you're into taro.  Additionally, their pearl have a pretty good flavor/sweetness to them, but it might be a bit on the soft/mushy side for some.  The texture didn't bother me too much, but I do usually prefer my pearls a bit more firm. Their strawberry smoothie is also very refreshing as I think it's dairy free, so you can really taste the strawberry flavor. Overall, a great place to stop by and grab some Vietnamese food.  It's quite a drive for me, but I still try to make my way here once in a while, even though this area can be full of traffic, but it's worth it.  They share a parking lot with a super market, so as far as I've been concerned, I've never had troubles with parking.  I believe they're cash only, as a lot of Asian places are, so plan accordingly!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny N.', '4', "The bread is super fresh here. So soft and yummy. The bread isn't toasted here. Well, I don't think it is haha. It's kinda pricy compared to the place I go to in Oakland. $3+ for a sandwich. And $3 for Vietnamese coffee... Like... Damnnnnnnn. Oh well. Food is food. Yum. Lol"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy H.', '5', "It's delicious! CASH ONLY. They include tax in their prices. What I ordered: + Half roasted duck, not the soy sauce one. (If you buy a whole, you save $1.) I was pleasantly pleased. While the duck had quite a bit of fat (yuck), the flavor was strong and delicious (they definitely tarragon). + Sandwich #1 which is a ham, pate type. It's one of my favorite Viet sandwiches, so if you're not in the mood for their famous #7, try this. + Sandwich #7, thit nuong (famous grilled pork). It has real peanuts! I think they don't put nearly enough meat. My 2 concerns: + Tully is a POOOOOOP street. I hate it! Drivers are stupid and pile up the cars in the intersection, like really people, really?!?!?! + Parking lot is sketch."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yvonne B.', '5', "I LOVE the banh mi here!  I think the secret is the sauce. I have no idea what the sauce is but it is SUPER addicting. I purchased a grilled pork banh mi and it had nuts in it giving the sandwich a pleasant crunch and taste. I thought it went super well with everything that comes in the sandwich on a French bread roll, all for $3.50!  Can't beat that.  I also bought a prepackaged small snack too which was also $3.50. Nothing is labeled so either you have to know your Vietnamese food by sight or just take a chance.  Hot food plates are also sold here along with some frozen items, sauces and an assortment of condiments. Will definitely come back here again to try some of their other foods."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Benson H.', '4', 'So many different kind of snacks, sandwich and drinks. The staff is always nice and have a big smile when you go to order and pick up your food.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Aaron S.', '1', 'The banh tieu is $1.00 each and no good; stale and greasy. Looks like it has been in the container all day.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jezza Mei O.', '5', "Huong Lan is my go-to Vietnamese sandwich restaurant that always hits the spot! I usually like getting the #2 Steam Pork sandwich with extra mayo and no jalapenos. But of course there are many other selections like the grilled pork or vegetarian sandwich. The bread provides a nice crunch and there will be guaranteed crumbs! Additionally, they have a REALLY GOOD sugar cane drink here. I would personally say that it's life changing, and that you should consider dropping by to taste that drink."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hung T.', '4', 'Good bánh mì with grilled pork and Vietnamese ice coffee with real condensed milk. The restaurant/shop is set up mainly for take-out customers, with a large selection of finger food, snacks and desserts (such as chè ba màu). However, it does also have a section with several tables set up for customers to eat in. Good courteous service in general.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Madeleine W.', '4', 'I love this tiny place. Sandwich is fast easy and on the go. By the way the coffee is plus.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John J.', '4', 'Huong Lan means "Spring Orchid", which I gathered from the Chinese characters on the wrapper. The food, value, and service is a solid 4-stars. $3.25 (including tax) is already pretty a good value for Banh Mi in America. You get coriander, peanuts, jalapeno, carrot, daikon, and onion in every sandwich. I got the #7 Grilled Pork because all my friends on Yelp were getting it. The French bread was crispy and filling. I don\'t have any complaints, it\'s a pretty good deal for a sandwich if you\'re in the area. Huong Lan has refrigerators for any drinks you could want, pre-made bento boxes, and spring rolls. There are also these triangular onigiri-looking things wrapped in banana leaves. I think they have extensive representation of Vietnamese food. However, the decoration is really Buddhist. I saw a small portable shrine with joss sticks next to the koi pond, a golden Buddha statue,  and posters of quotes from Buddha\'s teachings in Vietnamese and English. The staff all look really hardworking. It\'s like a microcosm of Vietnam in Huong Lan, which can be a little daunting to an American-ized Yelper like myself.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'L N.', '4', "I love this shop for their Vietnamese sandwiches.  I always order #1 which is the ham, pate, and headcheese which is a classic Vietnamese sandwich.  I also love to get the shrimp and pork spring rolls and my daughter loves the sticky red rice.  You have to go early to get the rice because it always sells out.  I love the iced coffee too!   The thing I don't love is that crazy Tully St. traffic where you need to u-turn to get to the shopping center.  Otherwise, still come for the wonderfully priced/great food."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Elena N.', '4', "3.5 STARS I was yelping on the way down to San Jose during my birthday last year. When a craving for banh mi hit, I found Huong lan. The traffic in this area is horrendous, but since it was my bday, the roommate agreed to stop by. I decided to get the Bbq chicken with pate. The filling was super flavorful. I love it when the pickled veggies offer a great contrast to the chicken and creamy pate. The only thing I didn't care for was the bread. I like my bread to have a little bit of chew. I find Huong lan's bread too soft for my liking. But, since I normally don't eat all the bread, it wasn't a big deal to me. The store also offers other Vietnamese prepared foods and items. Prices are good if you're watching your pocket book. Quick and delicious eats!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cristal C.', '5', "After frequenting this place since I was a child, I can't believe I haven't written a review for this spot. This place is a great option to get food on the go. They have a variety of Vietnamese staples. However, the star of this place is their banh mi. I always go for the bbq pork. Their meat is super tasty and flavorful and that bread is super soft yet crunchy. Overall, if you're looking for something quick, cheap and delicious then definitely check this spot out."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', '-Johnson- N.', '4', "Typical vietnamese place. Very authentic feel to a sandwich shop. They even have a butcher here who has one of the best roasted pig I had. Came here specifically for their roasted pig, asked for 2-lb cut near the sparerib section and the chop came out perfectly nice with great texture and flavor in bone, meat and skin. If you're looking for roasted pig, vietnamese style! Come here! and ask for the cut near the sparerib portion."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Fooken W.', '4', 'Used to be better in my opinion, but still my favorite sandwich place/deli.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David S.', '4', 'Much more than sandwiches although sandwiches are their specialty.  The roast duck and chicken are excellent, oh and crispy skin pork looks good (never tried).']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Arlene L.', '5', "O-M-G.  I just had a foodgasm!  Everything I've known about what makes a good sandwich has been obliterated.  My co-worker brought me to this place today for lunch; he's been bragging about this place forever, saying they serve the best sandwiches, and I can definitely vouch that it's worth the 20 minute drive south from Palo Alto to get it.  This place is a Vietnamese cafe / grocery store.  In addition to their sandwich menu, they have other items laid out on tables for you to buy.  We bought a package of fresh, spring rolls, and two pork Vietnamese sandwiches (item #7). The sandwich looks very unassuming, but when you take a bite, it's like nothing you've ever had before: fresh, flaky, country bread that's soft on the inside; marinated, tangy vegetables; and the best cooked pork ever.  Altogether, it's foodgasm worthy.  If you're a dude, I suggest buying two sandwiches for lunch. Believe me, you'll eat them both."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Raquel Y.', '4', "Oh man. Get #6 grilled pork sandwich for only $3.50!! It was one of the best Viet sandwiches I've ever had!! The sauce was soo good, and it even had fried onions!! What?! Best $3.50 ever.  Also tried #1 which was also good! Ham, pate, and cheese, different flavor, less Vietnamese taste, compared to #6 in my opinion. Also $3.50!  There's also all sorts of ready-made lunches! Got the shrimp spring rolls and Chinese sausage/egg spring roll, $4.50 each. The Chinese sausage/egg spring roll was really good!  OVERALL: bomb cheap food that you could take to go. Now this is my kind of fast food restaurant! Haha"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ryan T.', '4', "This place is so great it has so many choices and their BBQ is amazing and seasoned perfectly. Everything is ready to go all hung up and the butcher cuts it into sections for you. I love the heo quay and the quail like it's so good!!!!!! The sandwiches are so good too, I love this place. I always stick up on snacks before a road trip."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Deep S.', '5', "Ready to start off your day by eating healthy. Pour yourself that bowl of Honey Bunches of Oats. Feeling somewhat satisfied but not really. Lunch time hits and you'z craving a healthy sandwich. Look inside the fridge. You can make yourself a healthy sandwich but....? Frickity frack tired of these motha f*@#* lunch meats. I can go to Subway, but I don't want to look like Jared (before or after). Solution: HuongLan Sandwich * Best Viet Sandwiches in SJ * Roasted Ducks * Thit Nuong (Pork Loaf) * Roasted Quail * Spring Rolls * Pastries * GA LUI (Chicken Kabob) My favorite: Veggie Tofu Sandwich"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jasmine P.', '4', "I come here for the banh mi thit nguoi. Usually get it to-go, so I ask for the veggies and pickled daikon and carrot to be kept separate. They're very generous with the amount they give. Banh gio here is a little sweet for my taste, but still the best around."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'W W.', '5', "We're from SF so when we go down south, I'm always bugging the hubs to pick up snacks and food to bring home. We heard this place is good for sandwiches so we decided to try this place. We walk in and the place is huge. There are a couple of tables with packaged food, fridges, cooked food, kitchen, and seating area. We check out their packaged food and picked up some nem nuong (pork spring roll). It's cheap 3 rolls for $4.50 but it's not as tasty as some other places in San Jose. We wanted to buy more nem nuong but they didn't have any more packaged so we asked the workers and they said they can make it for us right away. We went to the register to pay for our nem nuong and ordered a grilled pork sandwich. The food was quickly made and prepared and we were on our way.  I had the nem nuong the next day for lunch and wasn't impressed. The day after I had the sandwich wrapped in foil and warmed it up in the oven. It was delicious! The bread was soft and fragrant and the pork was fantastic. Maybe I'll pick up 3-4 sandwiches next time =) They also had some packaged refrigerated/frozen items, like the shredded pork, egg rolls, uncooked vegetable and fish for hot and sour soup (canh chua).  I'd definitely buy some again. Thanks Yelpers."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steve T.', '5', 'This is the best place for Banh Mi in town. I have lived in Orange County and visited Vietnam. This is by far one of the best. Get the #1 with Pate. They have a huge catering business, but never tried it; looks like a lot of Chinese food.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer M.', '5', "Best banh mi I've had so far in San Jose. On top of that, less than $4 per sandwich? What a winning combo. #7 Grilled Pork: Let's start with the bread. It doesn't even look like anything special or different. Whatever they do to it, please don't ever let it change. It's pretty much savory and seasoned on it's own. The inside is soft and chewy. The outside is the good kind of crunchy and flaky. Not the kind that hurt the roof of your mouth. I would buy the bread to make all my sandwiches with if they sold it on its own.  Good ratio of pickled vegetables and meat. Although I would have preferred that they stuff the sandwich a bit more, it was still amazing. Whatever sauce they use is what really brings the sandwich together. The mixture of flavors that fills your mouth with every bite really makes you focus intensely on eating the sandwich. It's the kind of taste that you'll be thinking about even days after. The kind of taste that as you're eating the sandwich, you plan out when you're going to get it again. Highly recommended."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Maddie Y.', '5', "Love their bread and food to go options. For those who love Vietnamese home styled cooking you can get a variety of different dishes here below 10 bucks . It's about 7 for 2 entree with rice and about 3-4 for their boba selection. So for about 10 bucks, lunch and dinner is covered for the day. Most of the dishes are very good especially the caramelized pork belly with eggs.  I'd skip on the roasted pork or duck since it's mediocre at best . Go across the street to bbq station for these but the rest of the food here is more than delicious ."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mary V.', '1', 'If you are vegeterian stay away.. sandwhiches taste pretty bad. The veggies tasted old. Not coming back...']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lanie L.', '4', 'I use to come here on the DAILY, always picking up multiple Banh Mi Chays for the road. I would grab one and eat it in the car on the way to work. I would buy a couple and pack it for a road trip. Perfect for a day at the Amusement Park-store in a cooler in your car and don\'t spend $$$ on fried crap! They use to be $3 a pop. Unfortunately, it seems like they had raised it to $3.25, and now again to $3.50! Nooo... Fortunately, the quality is still great. I love the crispness of the baguette. The pickled veggies are not too overpowering. The veggie meat, or "bi chay" is plentiful.  They also sell various pre-packaged Vietnamese food, such as Banh Bot Loc or Banh Nam. They even sell them in vegetarian versions! Even though they\'ve raised their prices, it isn\'t quite as exorbitant as the prices in San Francisco...yet. So I\'m still thankful for that.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jaeger L.', '4', 'Extremely authentic Banh Mi.  Very cheap.  Bread was good, veggies crunchy, meat was tasty.  Only problem was it was a wee bit dry (not enough mayo).  That could have been a one-off, so I will be back.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Van N.', '2', "This place use to be good. I feel they have raised their prices and gone cheap on their cafeteria portions. At 12pm a lot of the prepared food is gone so there isn't much selection. I ordered cafeteria style which is 2 sides and rice for 6.75. I got braised pork with egg and bittermelon. I literally got 1 piece of each and no sauce therefore it was dry. I also start to notice they don't label their food with times. There is whole cook pork chop wrapped unmarked at room temperature. It literally could be left there all day and possibly the next day. There are so many Vietnamese shops like these in San Jose, though they don't have this type of variety adleast it's hot on the steamer."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jan P.', '5', "Delicious, fresh Vietnamese sandwiches and other appetizers right off the freeway! The ladies who work here are really nice, shockingly so for an Asian establishment, and were really helpful with my sammie order. The pickled veggies aren't too sweet and their pate and mayo are very flavorful (they have the best pate!). The bread is crispy crunch hard on the outside and super soft on the inside--perfection! The prepackaged fresh stuff on the tables are good too. Cash only. Aand only bring a limited amount, 'else you'll end up buying way too much delicious food (like moi, oops)."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vicky L.', '4', 'At $3.50 for a combination banh mi, you really can\'t go wrong, until hours later when you realize that the roof of your mouth is torn up from the crust on the otherwise soft french roll. I inhaled every bit of this sandwich, and loved it. I liked that you can grab and go, or sit at some of the tables inside. Added bonus, even though the line was long (even in the mid afternoon), the wait is really fast.  The place is kinda run-down looking, but a fresh coat of paint and a good power washing outside wouldn\'t hurt. But don\'t be put off by its "charm", you can see into the very clean kitchen inside.  Pro-tip: Cash only, and they don\'t have an ATM machine inside.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Banana B.', '4', "Hubby really liked the BBQ pork sandwich cuz of the peanuts and sauce. My avocado shake was really good. Lots of avocado and sweet. His Viet iced coffee wasn't that great...too bitter like reused coffee. Bonus star for the little toy/candy things our minion 1 likes"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ivy N.', '4', "Best Huong Lan in town! Me and family mostly  just come here for the banh mi and sometimes the prepared foods that they have on the counter. We're not a fan of their deli and hot foods though, only because there are better places for those things. Their banh mi are the perfect size, bread was warm and toasted. They give a lot of veggies which I love in a great banh mi. BANH MI PRO-TIP - ask for veggies on the side separately because you will always get more and your banh mi won't get soggy if you're not eating it right away! I always get number 1, banh mi thit nguoi (Viet ham). Banh mi ga cha bong (shredded chicken) is also good and banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) too.  Like most Viet delis/sandwich places they have the usual prepared/ready to eat plates such as goi cuon (spring rolls - bi, nem, shrimp), banh beo, banh bot loc, and banh gio . What I like about Huong Lan is that they have a frozen/refrigerated section where you can buy like eggrolls, bi, nem, cooked fish, banh bot loc in bulk!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lucy Z.', '5', "Absolutely nothing bad to say about this place! Solid sandwiches and boxed lunches/dinners. Staff is super friendly and service is fast. Restrooms in the back that you need a code for. But ask any of the workers and they'll let you know! The grilled pork ($3.50) is my go-to and the flavors are so good mixed with the crunchiness of the bread. It's not a true French baguette but the bread is still great. Traffic can be difficult but definitely give this a try if you're in the area! (Also worth driving to even if you're not in the area!)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sam T.', '5', 'Some 20+ years later, this place still holds up and it a very quintessential Vietnamese sandwich shop in San Jose. I mean, this is the place my family would go to first before we took our long hot road trips to SoCal every summer or go fruit picking in Gilroy when I was growing up. This was the place when I first tasted pate and the buttery-mayo goodness that is found in these sandwiches. I hope I can continue this tradition when I have kids of my own.  Huong Lan has been consistent with their prices and quality of food for a very long time. I can never justify paying $10 in Palo Alto for some "American" rendition of Banh Mi when I know a place like this exists.  Eat here. It\'s a staple in the San Jose Vietnamese community.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mona W.', '4', 'The banh mi here is still excellent but somehow no longer as spectacular as I remember. The baguette was not beautifully crispy this time. The pickled vegetable was almost not sour enough. I had a roasted pork banh mi and I found the meat tasted rather sweet. While the banh mi failed to truly impress, the pre-packaged to-go items were amazing as always. I had some freshly prepared Banh Bot Loc and Banh it that were totally fantastic.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tram N.', '5', "All I have to say is , BYE LEE'S SANDWICHES (jk I still love your coffee).  Hands down my favorite sandwich place in South Bay ( trust the Vietnamese), especially for such a great price. Stopped by Huong Lan before our long day hike to get sandwiches for lunch and it was the best decision of the day (screw the 12 miles hike). The sandwich was stuffed with possibly the best pate I've had . I got the Fish Cake Banh Mi. The fish cake was juicy and not dry or rubber-y like other places I've had. Overall, delicious.  If you're debating about where to go to get a sandwich in San Jose, just go here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lan T.', '3', "I ordered the #1 sandwich which is the standard banh mi.  I've had better banh mi's but these are a pretty good size.  The bread is a great texture as well.  I remember the days when banh mi's were 75 cents, so if you think about it, $3.50 is like a 300% price increase lol!  But nowadays, I suppose $3.50 is a good deal for a sandwich.  I probably wouldn't go out of my way to Huong Lan Sandwich, but I'm glad I tried it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Victor G.', '3', "Huong Lan Sandwich isn't just banh mi though i rated only it. offerings: chinese bbq meats, pearl drinks, prepped vietnamese snacks/rolls/pastries, packaged snacks, banh mi. et al  eats: #1 banh mi (ham, pate,    ) 3.25 w/tax -chewy baguette, cilantro, carrots, skipped jalepeno, mayo -tasted average, some msg, not a lot of filling. similar to lee's .75 gets u more meat. -everything tasted fresh 3.5 stars crumbs: -5-10 minutes -most prepped foods have pricing on them. -cash only"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Charissa L.', '5', "I've been coming here since this used to be a dim sum restaurant (ok, it technically wasn't Huong Lan back then - duh - but I've been around since Huong Lan opened!!). I think this is the best banh mi San Jose has to offer. $3.50 per sandwich with lots of different options. They also have your typical Chinese/Viet BBQ meats, Chinese takeout-ish food, great selection of Viet smoothies/boba/Viet coffee, and lots of other pre-packed Vietnamese goodies! Don't forget to check the refrigerators near the entrance for all of the yummy desserts. Trust me. Just come here to get banh mi and you won't be sorry!! Also. Cash only, so be prepared!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ivy T.', '2', "I was craving a Banh Mi, came here since it was rated so high.  A lot of selection for foods, rice combos, sandwiches, dishes of vietnamese foods, and some baked goods.  I got some egg rolls, which I will never get again.  No taste, filling was horrible, and I felt I was eating just something crispy.  Banh Mi Thit Nguoi, looked better in photos.  The pate had a bad aftertaste, bread wasn't soft or anything, overall bad sandwich.  I had to take the meat out, due to poor quality, and just attempted to salvage parts of the bread to fill me up."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ramon M.', '4', "Decent sandwiches in an otherwise sketchy plaza. I stop here often due to this place being on my way to work. I've been coming here for years and this place has still yet to let me down."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Claudia P.', '2', 'Duc huong is better. Bought their cha once and it tasted funny. Thought i just got a bad batch. I bought cha from them another time and it tasted sour.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Maria M.', '5', 'Fabulous.  I like the banh mi -- shredded chicken and shredded pork are the best.  Corn tapioca pudding and spring rolls are also delicious.  Cheap prices and the panaderia next door is tasty too.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Monika H.', '5', "Based on so many good Yelp reviews, my boyfriend have gotten take-out orders of banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) and banh mi cha lua (steamed pork) sandwiches at Huong Lan several times, and we both really like them.  The meat is really yummy and the bread is really soft. For the price and taste, you won't find a better Vietnamese sandwich place in San Jose."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer T.', '4', 'This is an authentic Vietnamese food heaven. I knew as soon as I saw the rows of tables with banana leaf wrapped goodies and rice flour cakes that this was it. We got banh mi, cafe sua da, sugar cane juice, and a rice meat cake (?). Banh mi was amazing. Bread was buttery and flaky, perfect. Add a layer of head cheese and pate and it was just what I was looking for. Husband enjoyed his banh mi bi and BBQ chicken sandwich. My only complaint would be the drinks- both were delicious but so heavy on the ice! The cup was filled to the brim with ice so you can imagine how much actual liquid was in it. My take home rice flour meat pyramid thing was delicious the next day.  Will definitely be back. Cash only.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vivian N.', '4', "I've been coming here with my grandma for as long as I can remember. One of the only boba spots back then too!! Lol I've tried so many different banh mi places, but this place will always be one of my favorites. Only thing is you have to make sure to double check ur order and if it's your food is not warm, you can always ask them to microwave your food! They have a lot of different options here too.  I used to always order the BBQ pork (Xa Xiu) sandwich, but my boyfriend likes to get the grilled pork (Thit Nuong) sandwich. I've recently just discovered the banh mi heo quay (roasted pork) and it's BOMB!!!! Also love to get the #7 fresh taro with milk and boba."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Liz C.', '5', 'Have been dying to try authentic banh mi sandwiches for a while.  Came here for lunch. The banh mi costs $3 per sandwich. This is an excellent price for each sandwich. We also got a three pack of spring rolls for $4.  Overall, the bread had a crisp outside and a soft inside. The vegetables and meat were delicious. The banh mi has no spicy sauce like other places but does have the spice from the jalapeños.  This place is cash only so make sure you have some cash in your wallet!  Overall 3 words: fast, cheap, and delicious!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Asha S.', '4', "I had a craving for bahn mi while in San Jose and was led here by Yelp only to discover I had found a place that served some of my favorite childhood snacks all under one roof.  I was SO EXCITED when I saw that they served AVOCADO SHAKE [4*]!! My husband, who's ancestors hailed from Mexico, seems to think I'm extremely weird for ever seeing avocado as something that could be sweetened or consumed as a dessert. (Because guacamole.) Well, that works out just fine for me..... because while we usually like to share food/drinks at new eateries to be able to try a larger variety of things, I was NOT planning on sharing my pearly and perfectly mildly-sweetened Avocado Shake. Plus, we also got some delicious pearly THAI TEA [4*] that I WAS willing to share. ;-) As far as the food, I tried the THIG NGUOI (ham, pate, headcheese) bahn mi [3.5*] and BBQ PORK bahn mi [3*]. Before I asked my husband to place the order for the thig nguoi as I hung out with my tot, I read on another Yelper's review that it would include pig's ears (noms) as opposed to headcheese. They may have changed their menu since then because ... nope. Still, it was a good sandwich. I just wish I would've paid an extra $0.75 for more meat because the ratios were a bit off for me. There was too much veggie, pickles (delicious and not too sweet), and bread for the amount of meat in the bahn mi. I would've also preferred a little more of their sauce. I generally felt the same way about the BBQ PORK bahn mi that I also tried. The PATE CHAUD [3.5*] was a good snack with a crumbly and light shell and a tasty filling. They also sold a variety of other drinks, desserts, puddings, and snacks I commonly found in small bakeries or roadside stalls back home in Indonesia. What a blast..... (from the past!) *snort-chuckle* And most things were under $3.50! KEY TAKEAWAYS: * Get extra meat because you get A LOT of bread and veggies. * Order the avocado shake. ________________ 3/5/15  I just went back there today for lunch, mostly because I wanted more AVOCADO SHAKE [4*]. This time, I ordered the THIT NUONG (grilled pork) bahn mi with extra meat and added pate [4.5*]. I also ordered a snack pack that included BAHN IT TRAN [3*] (sticky rice dumpling filled with beans) & BAHN BOT LOC [2.5*] (transparent shrimp dumplings). This time, the bahn mi was just perfect. I just loved how much meat it came with relative to the veggies and bread. I was not a fan of the bahn bot loc, which was filled with not just the shrimp meat but also its shell."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Emily H.', '5', 'very tasty and authentic Vietnamese ready-to-eat grocery shop. the name of the place is a bit misleading, as they do not only sell sandwiches, they also have lots of premade ready to eat vietanmese food, like vermicelli noodles or paper wrap shrimp rolls. Everything there is made in store with superb quality and very authentic. for $3.5, you can get a huge banh mi loaded with mouthwatering meat and pickled veggie.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John T.', '5', "Great place to get your Vietnames Sandwiches but willing to wait in a long line on the weekend because this place is pack. Their bread are freshly made so it's crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside. The Korean Meat sandwich is my favorite. Also the fish cake here is good too because they make it there fresh straight out of the oven or how ever they make it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Melody O.', '2', "This place ranked really high, so I was really looking forward to trying out their bahn mi. I bought the grilled pork bahn mi, and I couldn't wait to sink my teeth into the delicious looking sandwich. It had a good amount of veggies, but the meat portion was small. Sadly, the grilled pork wasn't as tasty as I was expecting it to be, and for some reason didn't look appetizing to me. The bread also was a let down for me; tasted a little stale, and just didn't satisfy my tastebuds.  Unfortunately, I've had better, and I won't come back."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lauren P.', '5', "My go to place for Vietnamese sandwiches. They make it fresh here and I always order an extra one for my lunch next day. You can ask for pickles and veggies on the side. I also get their spring rolls but other yelpers are right, spring rolls here are not that good. You should definitely come here for sandwiches. I can't rave about other items. This place is cash only so bring cash. I also get their vietnamese coffee. It is good. It's strong but I like it like that."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Holly V.', '5', 'MUST ORDER THE "BANH MI HEO QUAY"  its not on the menu but you wont regret it.  youre welcome.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Brady K.', '4', 'The staff is always nice and have a big smile when you go to order and pick up your food. Delicious bahn mi, so many different choices in their menu and all of them are equally delicious.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vinh L.', '3', 'I will drop by here just to grab a quick snack. Especially whenever I am too busy and have no time to grab lunch!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wendy Y.', '4', "Yum! I love Vietnamese sandwiches and this is probably my go-to from now on. There's a closer location to me, but this is their first branch and it's definitely the best branch. It is definitely worth driving here from Fremont to get some delicious sandwiches! Like most places that sell Vietnamese sandwiches, there are a lot of variety in terms of what you want on the sandwich. Most are pretty standard, like the grilled pork, ham, and etc. You honestly can't go wrong with anything on that menu.  I got the pork one (#2) and it was so good! Although I'm a little sad on the meat to veggie ratio, I can look past that. It's still very delicious! That bread though. It's so fresh, so crunchy, so flakey, it's the best!  This place probably has the best Vietnamese sandwiches I've ever had. I will be coming back whenever I'm craving!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Harry L.', '3', "Just read the reviews and had to check it out.  It's ok.  Got the bun tit nun grilled pork sandwich.  Bread was ok.  Not super fresh, kept dropping more bread crumbs than eating.  Stuffing was not bad, standard bean sprouts, carrots, etc and peppers.  Meat was not as good as I was expecting.  Grilled is like BBQ charred and not roasted.  Grill texture and taste is different from roast pork.  Tasty but it's just ok and not great.  Prices decent.  Cash only.  Has sitting area but it's more of a takeout than sit and eat."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike P.', '5', 'Cash only.  Gotta repeat this until it shows up on the review highlights :P. Delicious banh in San Jose at Oakland prices - gotta love it.  Their bread is deliciously flaking and the ingredients are so fragrant and tasty.  Buy two if you\'re planning on saving one for later, because you will inevitably end up snacking on one in the car.   Though the "classic" choice would be the thit nuong, everything else is pretty good too.  I especially liked the bacon, though the texture might put some people off (it\'s pretty chewy). Tasty banh mi.  Cheap.  Get it.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Grace K.', '4', 'When you enter, you see large accurate pictures of each sandwich on the walls and random types of different food (i.e. spring rolls, pork dishes, etc.) packaged and displayed throughout the store. It makes you want to order the whole restaurant because everything looks so good and interesting.  My friend and I ended up ordering the grilled pork banh mi, bbq pork banh mi, and the packaged shrimp spring rolls TO-GO on our drive to SF. I must say that this is the best grilled pork banh mi sandwich I have ever had. It was unique in that the vegetables were pickled which somehow perfectly balanced with the grilled pork creating the sandwich to be so flavorful and satisfying. The bbq pork sandwich was not as satisfying but it still tasted good. It did however make me wish that we ordered 2 grilled pork banh-mis instead. The shrimp spring rolls did not taste too fresh though. But this place is great because most of the sandwiches are priced at $ 3.50 and they come in huge sizes. SUCH AWESOME DEAL PRICES! I am going to definitely come back again.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Albina R.', '4', "Excellent sandwiches and inexpensive too!  All sandwiches were under $4.  Also lots of other food.  I don't really know what it is and English isn't well understood but I bought some things and tried them.  Good stuff!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stephanie A.', '5', "This Huong Lan compared to the one in Sacramento is super upgraded! There's a big flat screen tv on top with an automated voice calling your number for your food orders when you are next, which is a big plus because Vietnamese sandwich shops can get a little crowded, hectic, and disorganized. The older ladies working here are super friendly and nice. The shop is big and there's tables to sit at if you want to dine in with your food.  The food is great. I always get the banh mi here. Their #1 Banh Mi Thit Nguoi is delicious and flavorful. They have many fresh desserts and pastries daily. Their Rau Ma drink (Pennywort drink) tastes great with just the right amount of sweetness.  Definitely my favorite Vietnamese sandwich shop in this area."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Randy F.', '4', "Made a return visit on off-peak hours and can't stress how much better the experience is.  You have time to wander the large flagship store, shop for great BBQ items, numerous packaged to-go items, and peruse their specialty sandwich menu. To say I was like a kid in a candy store is not an overstatement.  I did order two large banh mi and the bread is the standout item, which they also sell by itself.  Like last time, I got the ham with pate and the grilled pork. But the BBQ items are excellent as well and the roast duck looked amazing.  I also love that they sell whole pig and I think this will be my go to spot when I finally realize that dream of ordering and having that at a party.   Left with numerous goodies and plentiful photos of all the great items.  My wallet was only slightly lighter.  I don't think it gets any better than that. Huong Lan is cash only."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Elaine V.', '1', 'This is probably the worst place to go if you ever crave dinner at night. They stop selling you any hot foods by 6PM when they close at 8. I used to love coming here for their Vietnamese food but they have become stingy, cheap and I am disappointed to say the least. DO NOT COME HERE LATE! EVER!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sally D.', '5', "umm.. BOMB BOMB BOMB!! Personally, I love and prefer this place over Lee's Sandwiches. Huong Lan is more authentic, CHEAPER, and soOOoo good! They have a variety of sandwiches (including vegetarian sandwich), ready-to-eat vietnamese plates, and much more! What makes their sandwich stand out? Their pâté and sauce that is generously spread ALL over that bread. Ugh. So good. I believe there's a few locations in the bay area and I haven't gone to one where I didn't appreciate their food & services.  + Accepts Credit Card Come here and order a NUMBA 1!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Swan L.', '5', 'This place has the $3.50 banh mi that is worth getting. The nice thing is that they are open nice and early at 6:00 am, so you can really get in and grab a Vietnamese sandwich for your lunch later. Favorites are either BBQ pork or chicken, both sweet and juicy from the BBQ flavor and love the crunch and brininess from the pickled daikon and carrots. Peppers are a bit much for me, so I typically order sans peppers.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Clara H.', '5', "Their one barbecue item with rice is my new addiction now. I opt for the barbecue pork. Delicious! For 7 dollars you get rice, a heading amount of sliced barbecue pork and a side of lightly pickled vegetables. It's quite filling and very tasty. There's a sweet dipping sauce for the meat too. It's absolutely yummy.  Their banh mi is really good too. Where do they get their bread? It's really really good"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Theo T.', '5', 'This is my favorite place to get a good ole banh mi sandwich. This place puts all other places to shame. I have been coming here since I was young and I even remember it when it was on Santa Clara street. I have been a loyal customer through and through. I love the fresh rolls, juicy meat, and attention to yummy details. At first you might think I am crazy, but trust me. Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Maki K.', '4', "#7 Grilled Pork sandwich is my favorite.  I think this place has the best Vietnamese sandwiches and it's very cheap. Must try!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Juju S.', '5', 'After spending half of my lunch hour trying to get to this place I thought I was crazy wasting my time for a $3 sandwich that\'ll take me 2 minutes to eat.  I was wrong! This Banh mi was worth the drive. I ordered #7 Grilled Pork. Their "Grilled pork have peanuts that I really liked. The baguette was fresh and the crust crunchy unlike Lee\'s sandwiches hard crust that always poke the top of my mouth and difficult to chew. I wish the Milpitas Huong Lan could make their Banh mi like this location because that\'s where I usually get them at.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bernard W.', '3', 'the quality of their sandwiches have gone way down since I was a kid. The bread is always not crunchy now and its cash only!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew N.', '4', 'Great sandwiches and family atmosphere. If you are nice and polite to the people taking your orders and handing out orders than they will remember and return the favor. I have been going here for 15 plus years and there hardly a time when I got bad service. If there was, I just politely tell them and they do everything they can to make it right.  The only real complaint about this place is the people that cuts the meats or do the food togo items. They seem to be very inconsistence with one day doing one thing and the next they said they are not allow you or lie in front of your face saying it not within normal procedures. Very confuse about those people that work that station sometime.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steve K.', '5', "One of the things I miss most about San Jose is the Vietnamese food.  Unlike lee's and some other places the bread here is soft and moist. They also have pate which is really good. It's hard to find a good banh mi place in LA unless of course we travel to Westminster or garden grove."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'RandomWander B.', '4', "Got a Bbq pork sandwich with extra pate. It's worth my way coming back for it. The sandwich was small but I could not finish the whole one. For tiny stomach, I would suggest cut it in half so that u can share with someone. Well, perhaps I was not hungry much that I only needed one bite or two of the sandwich.  Coffee was good but it didn't match my coffee preference. It was a little stronger than Lee's sandwiches coffee, if u know what i am talking about. If u like strong Viet coffee, coffee here is what u need"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Veronica C.', '5', "I have been on a quest for the best bahn mi in the Bay Area lately.  Houng Lan Sandwich is definitely the winner! Generous size, crispy fresh baguettes, stuffed with great fillings.  The grilled pork is flavorful and the veggies have the right amount of pickling.  It's just so tasty, and for only $3, it's a great deal too! The location is a little ghetto, with some homeless people hanging out around the store.  The inside, though, is clean and neat.  The lady behind the counter is also super sweet. All in all, I just love their sandwich.  Will definitely be back...most likely many times!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sara T.', '3', "I'm kind of disappointed the banh mi didn't have much meat, but it was still tasty and only $3.50. I always go to Huong Lan back in Sacramento, and to be honest the location in Sacramento is much cleaner and organized. There's only like 4 parking spaces at the front of the store here, but its always taken, so you might have to park a little further. Also, the area is kind of sketch and it stinks like urine in the parking lot. There's also people chilling out by the entrance asking for spare change and stuff. Anyways this place is good for viet sandwiches, but they have banh cuon, cha lua ($4), and a bunch of rice plates (~$4+) and other yummy viet food :) I will definitely be back to try their rice plates -- it looked very good :D Well place can get busy too, and they only have two cash register, but the line moves fast although you have to wait a while if your ordered a sandwich, but they have a tv screen that announces your number in English & Vietnamese :) Oh, there's also a small seating area if you wanted to sit down and eat :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lou S.', '4', "I would give this 3.5 stars if I could, but bumped it up to 4 since cant do half stars. The bread didn't seem fresh but the ingredients in the sandwich were good. Could have used a little more as the ratio to bread was a little off. It's also super cheap so hard to complain too much. If the bread was softer and fresher it would be almost perfect."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike R.', '4', 'Awesome place to grab a ban mi sandwich . Great crusty bread, fresh veggies and tasty meats.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sean M.', '5', "This was my first time here. I don't order banh mi out much because it's not often you find a good vegetarian one. Looking at the reviews here I think most of the people are not coming in for tofu either. Decided to give it a shot being starving and in the neighborhood.  I was super impressed.  Incredible for only a few bucks. I always feel guilty getting Vietnamese food, it's so cheap.  Not really a dining in type of setting, smells a little fishy for my taste. Grab and go."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ee Vonn Y.', '4', "I hope you see this review as you're driving by Tully, so you can make the decision to stop by there now. Don't waste your time reading paragraphs of potential flavors if it's worth your tummy and time! The BBQ pork sandwich is easily 4 stars. When your meats are that flavorful, you don't need condiments to carry your sandwich. For $3, it makes Subway mayonnaise sandwiches look questionably edible. Since my boss treated me to this on an empty stomach, my review is unfairly biased!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna S.', '5', "We absolutely love this place! The price of the sandwiches have gone up over time but who can blame them? It's now around 4 bucks for a sandwich but they're still just as good as before! We always get the grilled sandwiches and for some reason, these sandwiches are so good that we both can devour two of them when we're hungry! It has a good balance of the carrots and white radish? I'm not quite sure if it is radish. And I absolutely love that they put fresh jalepeno peppers in there! I always steal some extra from his sandwich.  Definitely go here if you're craving something nice and cheap. They're very fast at making the sandwiches and stay consistent with the amount of each ingredient they put in."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Helen H.', '4', 'I dropped by here to grab some to-go food and was happy with an inexpensive, but delicious meal. I liked how there were different options (bun, spring rolls, rice sheets, etc.) with different sauces. There were small and big portions, with different price points as well.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric W.', '4', "I have been going to the Huong Lan in Newark ( ) for years, since it is close to my house, and is conveniently located right next to Fantasia ( ). However, I always knew that as far as Vietnamese sandwiches go, while certainly more than passable, it is far from the best. Heck, the Tri-Cities area isn't necessarily known as a hotbed for this type of cuisine, so in order to experience some of the good stuff, I had to come straight down to the source. And wow, I must say that this San José location completely blows the Newark one away. The general taste of the sandwich is about the same, but the bread is much fresher and crispier, the meat is much juicier and more ample, and quite simply, it is just plain better overall. Of course, a much more discriminating audience coupled with a higher amount of foot traffic will lead to that. Prices are about the same, at around $3.25, with an extra $0.75 for additional meat. If you are in the mood for something else, there is also a deli section with Chinese BBQ items and plate lunches. The seating area is a bit worn, but the staff takes good care of it, as I constantly see them wiping down the tables. The restrooms require a passcode, which ensures relative cleanliness.  I'm rarely in this part of town (although the upcoming Round 1 at Eastridge might change all that), but perhaps in the future I'll find some excuses to come on down to satisfy a sandwich craving. The Newark location just won't ever be the same again."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Connie L.', '4', "$3 for any Vietnamese sandwich?!! I'm totally sold. The portions are also HUGE. I have tried the BBQ pork and chicken sandwiches, and both are great! The meat is so savory and tasty that you really don't need to add any hot sauce. Some customers may complain about the ambience bc the tables and services are not the best. Too bad for them though because the food really outweighs any of that. Did I mention each sandwich was 3 bucks?! I have never been disappointed and I've ordered sandwiches from here a few times already. Thanks Yelp for the hidden gem."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kes D.', '5', "Veggie and meat options are both delicious.  The bread is perfect.  If you ask for extra pate, you will get a ton of pate.  The staff are friendly and the number ordering system is handy. They also have a ton of grab and go items and drinks.  They also seem to have a god selection of Vietnamese desserts and pickles.  This place seems to have everything...even BBQ.  Prices are reasonable.   The ambiance leaves a little to be desired, but it's no-frills and easy to get what you need. Can't beat reasonable prices, friendly staff, and delicious food."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joanne Y.', '4', "Kinda scary, unsafe-looking area, but just don't go at night by yourself lol. A lot of parking spaces though. My friend ordered the #1 I believe which has the pâté and I got the BBQ pork one. I haven't had a banh mi in a while, but it tasted so soo good. The bread wasn't too hard (I know some people have previously stated that the bread is hard, but mine was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside). There were plenty of pickled veggies and jalapeños, which are probably my favorite parts! They didn't skimp on the BBQ pork either. My sandwich was $3.50, so freaking cheap and reasonably priced! My friend liked his sandwich as well! I definitely will come back to this location to get my Vietnamese sandwich fix! I probably just won't come at night time! :P By the way, this establishment is cash only and the front lady is super sweet and cute! :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrea B.', '2', "I really wanted to like this place because it had such great yelp reviews...but...... Tried their sandwich, I didn't think it was anything special, a little too bready for me.  I also ordered their duck, it was probably the fattest duck I have ever had, as in most of the duck was just pure fat.  The noodles/chow mein was comparable to fast food Chinese noodles and a little heavy on the pepper.  I also bought a pre-packaged piece of rice cake which was stale.   Prices were cheap, but you get what you pay for."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John L.', '5', "Pros Cheap good sandwiches.  $3.50 for delicious grilled pork banh mi Spring rolls are quality Small rice entrees packaged for cheap meal Big chinese deli section Large seating area What's the bathroom code today? Best fish chili sauce sold here Cons Homeless people outside Deli section is so so. Be selective I come here once a week or whenever in area. Hard to beat prices and quality sammys"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sherry L.', '4', 'Pretty darn good bahn mi. This place opens super early for breakfast, so essentially you can have bahn mi for breakfast. YUM. Also a Vietnamese grocery store so there are lots of other goodies too.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike G.', '4', 'I still remember coming here for $1.50 Vietnamese sandwich, those were the good days.  Their sandwich is still delicious even it is $3.50 now, spring rolls are fresh and the BBQ plate is on point.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy H.', '5', 'These sandwiches are pretty damn good and this time I was smart and didnt add that nasty pate on this. They are open pretty early but I picked up a sandwich around 11:30am and there was barely any line. I ordered the classic pork sandwich for $3 flat. It automatically comes with peppers, mayo, carrots, etc so I specifically asked for no peppers. I also asked for light mayo and I knew that it would take a miracle for them to get my order right but they actually have a button option for less mayo. I was shocked. It is a decent sized sandwich and I would have been fine if I split it but it was so good that I ate it right up. The bread is so fluffy and fresh and crispy if that makes sense and it totally made eating the last bites scrumdidlyumptious. The meat is tender as well so no complaints there. I asked for light mayo so maybe next time I should just ask for even less mayo or no mayo at all. It glues everything together but I was trying to make healthier choices with less....meh screw it, its so good with it.  **TIPS** 1) Cash only. 2) Ask for less mayo because the full amount might be too much. 3) Enjoy!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joy R.', '4', "Sandwiches and more, but hey this ain't no numbers game!  A friend of mine shared this spot with me long ago and I've been to others since.   Here and there, there are different versions.  Lucky aren't we? To see them all around each New Year!! Enjoy!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michele K.', '3', "Sandwiches were good but not outstanding. Can't beat the price but filling was just adequate. However the bag of 6 croissants that are the size of dinner plates compansated for the lackluster banh mi."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jemille G.', '4', "Hands down the best Vietnamese sandwich shop that I have ever had..and this is speaking from tasting places in LA to SF. Not only does this place offer scrumptious sandwiches at a low cost of $3.00 but also offer boba drinks (milk tea is my favorite) along with freshly prepared goods like spring rolls and yummie desserts and warm deli food.  The only down fall to this place is that the ladies are older Vietnamese ladies that don't understand english too well...so I usually always have to pick out the onions from my sandwich that I kindly asked to not be added."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Edwin R.', '5', "I love this place!! They have so much variety of prepared foods for you to take home (main dish, desserts, soup and plenty of seafood).  They also sell roast duck, roast pork and plenty of selection of Asian and Vietnamese ready foods too which they specialize in. In addition, they are famous for their milkshakes and Vietnamese sandwiches - I especially order their fresh milkshake with avocados and pearls (tapioca) almost twice a week.  I also love their FLAN... it is so creamy.  It is one of the best I've had considering this is a take out place.  They even sell lotto.  They provide plenty of seating too and a very clean bathroom if you choose to eat here.  Be aware that during lunch hours -- they get extremely busy.  I suggest calling your order in advanced especially if you take it back to your office.   If you like Asian food and authentic style Vietnamese cuisine... come and visit Huong Lan..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Grace C.', '5', 'Wow - their banh mis are delicious AND cheap. $3 per sandwich - and you can add extra meat for an additional $0.50 (more meat is a good idea!) I called in to order ahead of time.  There\'s nowhere to sit inside to eat, so this is pretty much just a to-go type of restaurant. I wanted the "classic" pork banh mi, but I asked for BBQ pork, which is actually char siu (reddish-colored pork that\'s slightly sweet).  If you want the classic banh mi, you should ask for *grilled* pork (not BBQ pork).  The BBQ pork one was great, though!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mark F.', '5', "I saw this place on the Yelp best of San Jose list so I had to try it. Man was I glad I did! For just 3$ even (tax included, cash only) I got the best Bahn Mi I've ever had! Its not a restaurant with sit down seating though so you will have to take it to go but totally worth it! This place is a market that sells all kinds Vietnamese and Chinese hot and cold foods.    I had the number 7 grilled pork Bahn Mi, it had so many different ingredients I could not begin to describe them all but they all married together perfectly. Just enough spice, sweet, and yum rolled up into a nice french roll that wasn't to tough on the roof of your mouth as I have found with other places. The grilled pork had bits of peanuts in it so the sandwich had a nice crunch too, AWESOME!    I also tried Bahn Uot, which is some sort of spring roll wrapped inside of what seemed to be a giant flat rice noodle, it was filled with BBQ pork and the standard fresh spring roll goodies and served with a cup of yummy peanut sauce to dip in. They were a bit more but still cheap at $3.75, see my pictures!    I loved this place and will definitely be back!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennyfer O.', '4', "Solid 4.  Good size.  Fresh ingredients.  French roll is perfectly crunchy and soft.  Didn't have to wait long, even during lunch time.  No fish sauce on the side."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kylie L.', '4', 'Yummmmm grilled pork sandwich for $3!!!! BBQ pork sandwich for $3!!!! Avocado shake for $3.25! 2 rolls for $3! Not sure what this was, it was just okay.  Everything was a steal and delish.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kevin T.', '5', 'Overall Impression: The best bang for your buck when it comes to Vietnamese treats. From banh mi to che to bbq pork, this place will leave you and your wallet happy with a smile. Cost: Cheapo! Great food at a great price.  Taste: Awesome. Try their sugar cane drinks. Try their thit nuong. Try everything... because you can afford to. Customer Service: Good. They are very attentive and make sure their customers are satisfied.  Ambience/Atmosphere: Nothing much in terms of this because usually just grab food to go.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sean B.', '4', "Adrienne took the words out of my mouth. Same price as Lee's, but better. Anyway, I like the idea of supporting a Mom and Pop and not a monolith like Lee's has become. The bread is better and the vegetables crisper here. Didn't have the milk tea on my first visit, but I suspect I will in the future. Where else can you get a $2.75 dinner? Wait, maybe that's why I'm not getting a lot of second dates. Dammit. that's $5.50 I'll never see again..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sonia T.', '4', 'Always came here as a kid only for two things! One was the coffee smoothie with pearls for my mom, and for me was the big jar of jelly candy.  Very clean place and everything is packaged nicely. Kinda rude cashiers, but eh. Parking is really bad. Always check your blind spots because people never pay attention.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kraig J.', '4', 'Dirty little hole in the wall with BOMB Vietnamese sandwiches. Parking and getting out of the parking lot is always an issue but the sandwiches are amazing. I recommend getting a smoked pork roll to cut up and add to the sandwich as well.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Suzy G.', '5', 'I came again and had a bahn mi with extra meat.  There it is - perfection.  This place is great.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenifer L.', '4', "I am a big sandwich fan, whether its baguettes or simple wheat bread. I visited this place twice within the same week. This tells you how good they are. The first time I came, I was a little skeptical as the outside of the building looked run down. However , don't let the outside scare you because the food is quite delicious. On my first run here, I ordered two sandwiches. The thit nuong and thit nguoi. I personally thought the thit nguoi was better. I enjoyed the crisp of the sandwich, the lard spread through out, and the meat itself. The thit nguong was slightly too sweet for my taste. It was very different from the thit nguong I usually order in San Diego. The veggies - carrots, daikon, and peppers - were fresh and tasty. On my second trip here, I bought a long baguette and cha siu. The baguette was good; however, it wasn't creamy. It also didn't have that wonderful baguette smell. It may have been because I bought it on a Wednesday, so it could have been old. The cha siu was great! I absolutely loved it. It was sweet, but not too sweet, and the meat itself was delicious. It had a good combination of fat and meat.  I will definitely be back to try the other BBQ meats. The customer service is quick so you don't have to wait very long. The workers are nice, even if you choose not to speak Vietnamese or Chinese."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jen H.', '4', 'I think Huong Lan sandwiches are OK. However, I prefer my sandwiches on long french baguettes.  Not bad for a $3-4 meal. I usually order the combination sandwich with everything on it. There are miscellaneous items, including Vietnamese desserts, but I tend to stick to just the sandwiches.  Not an ideal place to dine in--more grab and go! Perfect to bring these sandwiches to the beach or picnic.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kimberly L.', '2', 'Don\'t get the duck plate!!! $7 for a LOT of rice and quarter of duck with bunch of bones and no meat & quarter of veggies.  So disappointed.  We were gonna get two item plate: They said no more fried rice. So we wanted half of white and half of chow mein. They yelled out NO. Ok even Panda Express does that.. Forget it, we moved onto the sandwiches.  When we were about to pay, I wanted water. I asked for two cups and she charged me 50 cents.  Wtf?! Water is free wherever you go even if you don\'t buy food. Lol so I grabbed my water bottles from my car and came back. I was gonna write a really really bad review. The lady came with the water cups and said "happy new year" lol ok..  Got bbq pork & grilled pork.  The bread tasted good but still gives you scratches on top of the roof. I don\'t like that.  However bbq pork was sweet and grilled pork had onions and nuts inside. Seasoning was pretty decent. Overall, I did not like my experience. I would NOT come back here.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David N.', '5', 'The best banh mi in my opinion. I love to get number 1 or the one with cha. I think banh mi from here is better then Lee Sandwich. The banh mi even look fresh and clean every time I come here for some banh mi. Pros:  Clean Friendly works Not pricey Cons: Always homeless asking for money in front.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kimberly L.', '4', "This place is legit my jam!! It's small discoveries like this that make me proud to be Vietnamese, haha.  The food is honest as are the prices.  If you're looking to be mind-blown, look elsewhere.  The dishes here aren't going to be innovative, flashy, or new, but sometimes that's just the kind of food you want and need.  I may be wowed by a few other restaurants in the Bay, but at the end of the day, this is the type of food I crave--spring rolls, an order of house special banh mi (#1), and a box of lotus root salad (found in the fridge towards the entrance of the store).   The wrapping on the spring roll is extremely soft and they're fairly generous when it comes to the filling.  The sauce is a lot more peanut-ty than I'm used to, but it's absolutely delicious!  My favorite, however, would have to be the lotus root salad!  Be careful when you're at the fridge area, however, because there is also a papaya salad.  I'm not sure if I got a bad batch, but I'd pass on the papaya salad (goi du du).  I had to throw my box out because the papaya got much too soggy for my taste, and it was completely lacking the crispness and the crunch I associate with a great bowl of papaya salad.  The sauce was also just a bit off, and the dish as a whole wasn't too pleasant.  I'd stick to the sandwiches, spring rolls, and the lotus root salad! Word to the wise: the first time I visited (I came three days in a row....and drove in from SF and Santa Cruz to fulfill the craving...it was the real deal), they were completely out of spring rolls.  There weren't trays of them laid out on the tables, but if that's the case, all you have to do is order at the register and they'll make you a fresh batch!  If you don't have the time and want to ensure that the spring rolls are there upon your arrival, you can also call in and place your order so they'll have it ready for when you arrive! Huong Lan Sandwich is essentially a Vietnamese grab-and-go joint.  The prices are great, the workers are friendly (however they may have difficulty understanding you if you venture too far beyond basic English), but most importantly, the food is solid, so if you're in the area and looking to grab some food in a jiffy, this may be your jam!  I can assure you that it's definitely mine!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Henry S.', '5', "This is the spot for delicious cheap eats!   If you're heading south on 101 and need a quick bite to eat for under $5 this is your spot!  While on our way to Gilroy Gardens/Outlets, I knew the Tull Rd. area was a mecca for vietnamese sandos so I check the yelp app and Huong Lan popped up as the highest rated and was only quarter mile off the freeway. They have a completely automated system where your number is called and displayed on a big screen tv so I was in and out in about 5 minutes.  Ordering was easy as everything is numbered and there's a large photo as well.  There is a hot deli for roast pork, bbq, pork, and other Asian hot foods. My number 7 (Grilled pork bahn mi) was delicious and it was only $3.25!  I also ordered a royal milk tea with pearl and that was also really good. Definitely worth checking out!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Louisa T.', '4', "$3.25 for a Vietnamese sandwich. Good deal for me because I honestly get full off of just one. Walking in here I felt like it was serious mini Vietnamese supermarket. They have fridges loaded with frozen choices, and tables lined with other instant food choices to go (ex, spring rolls and the cold noodles with pork and shrimp etc.). Off to the left you can order the cooked foods/lunch box items of one or two entrees with rice or something like that. And the right is where you order your sandwiches.  I couldn't help myself and grabbed one of the boxed noodles with pork and shrimp to snack on later on, and I'm glad I did because it was quite good. Price is about the same as a restaurant ($7.50 for a box). The sandwiches were pretty good in terms of flavor as well. I would recommend the grilled pork sandwich, which was what I ordered.   Do expect a line when you come though. It's apparently very popular."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rita V.', '4', "Yay! I finally found a place to get some tasty egg rolls! Huong Lan offers 2 type of egg rolls, and they are either 'small' for 60 cents or large for 85 cents.  The small egg roll is packed with meat and taro! Yummy.  The large egg roll has more veggies and you can see the cabbage and carrot inside. I personally prefer the small egg rolls compared to the large one. It was very easy for me to order a party tray and give them an early pick up time.  I was surprised to hear that they open at 5am! Overall, I'd definitely come back to Huong Lan to try other stuff.  I noticed a lot of customers were ordering their Vietnamese sandwiches for $3 each."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Burry B.', '3', "Great prices here in comparison to the ever growing menu pricing of other places.  if coming here for banh mi, I actually prefer Thanh Huong sandwiches over Huong Lan's.  Thanh Huong sandwiches taste like what Lee's used to before Lee's was Lee's which is the quintessential San Jose Banh Mi."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lee T.', '1', "Pâté chaud with flavorless Pâté Dry and sad baguette for the #1 Pâté and headcheese bahn mi also with flavorless Pâté  Ch qu nng was also tired and flavorless Bottom line was none of it was 'fresh' (around 6pm on a random day). Did they have a bad day? Perhaps don't go after 5pm?  You be the judge ... here's to counterbalancing the hyperbolic 5 star 'bomb' review nonsense from people that wouldn't know a good pâté chaud if it smacked them in the face!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'alicia k.', '4', "The banh mi is traditional, with toasted Vietnamese baguette and the vegetable condiment is mildly pickled. This is not a sandwich to eat on the move, you'll get crumbs everywhere so sit at one of the few tables to the side of this shop and enjoy your sandwich. The grilled pork sandwich here is different and very good. They also have a variety of room temperature sticky rice dishes, Vietnamese dumplings, and all the great foods I enjoyed when I was a kid when life was simpler and my mom had time to make these dishes. Now, I know where I can get these dishes done well.  The shop also has a host of Vietnamese BBQ items (chicken, duck, pork, quail, etc), I recommend getting these items early. At the end of the day, the meats are a bit dried out."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Katherine N.', '5', 'Got 3 delicious banh mi sandwiches here for under $10. Yup, ya gotta love it. That is tough to beat and they got me good!  This Huong Lan location is cash only but the Milpitas location accepts card.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Betty N.', '4', "**SOLID VIETNAMESE SANDWICH JOINT** Great place to grab cheap snacks. PARKING ======== Lot. AMBIANCE ========= Fast food sandwich joint. You can dine here optionally or not. But majority of people just do to-go. FOOD ===== My go-to-items: XA XIU (Meatball) SANDWICH Meatball, jalapeño, onion, cilantro, sauce, and carrot and daikon pickle on quality soft crusty baguette. THIT NUONG (Grilled Pork) SANDWICH Grilled pork, jalapeño, onion, cilantro, and sauce on their signature bread is another all-time classic favorite. CHE CHUOI (Banana tapioca DESSERT) Love. Especially when it's warm. Not too sweet, made just right. PRO TIP ======== Conveniently located near 101/Tully Exit.  RECOMMEND."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lynn P.', '1', "Came here because of all of the high ratings. But... One of the worse Banh Mi I've had. We ordered Banh mi Dac Biet. Awful. Everything inside and out was awful. I couldn't even make it half way, and my husband even refuse to eat it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jacqueline V.', '4', "Huong Lan has served me the best banh mi that I've ever had the pleasure of eating. The banh mi thit nuong is like nothing I have ever experienced- and that's saying a lot because I basically live in Westminster (Orange County). The meat was not dry or tough, not too salty, and they did not overload on the mayo. They topped the sandwich off with peanuts and fried onions, which I have never seen before on a banh mi. The only thing that I didn't like was that the bread was slightly undercooked. I guess they do that to prevent you from cutting the roof of your mouth."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jean Q.', '3', 'Came on a mid Saturday afternoon, picked up the #7 grilled pork sandwich, and a box of steam sticky rice cake, one with dry shrimp, the other with Ming bean paste, all delicious, just $7.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andy V.', '5', "Probably one of the best viet sandwiches in the Bay, a rival to Oakland's Ba Le!  Sandwiches are a great value, and the baguettes are totally fresh and delicious.  The insides ahve it all too, and everything is super flavorful. Best thing is it's not just sandwiches.  Tons of authentic vietnamese sides and dishes wrapped up in banana leaf or those little plastic packages.  The place is pretty spacious, and service is surprisingly fast. The only place I eat my viet sandwiches in SJ."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike K.', '4', 'This has been my go to place for both banh mi and Vietnamese desserts.  Prices are cheap, but it is cash only.  Their grilled pork is different in that they put a peanut sauce or crumbled peanuts into them, I kind of like it.  I also really like their whole young coconut jelly thats located in the back fridge and one of the drinks they have on a 8x10 printed paper by the cash register.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Marcy M.', '3', "Bumped into this place randomly. Nice little surprise, very fast& friendly customer service! Cash only place.  Ordered the #7 grilled pork bahn mi... I couldn't taste the pork to be honest, it was thiiiinly sliced.. I like it thicker, but the bread,mayo and veggies were good haha.   Also bought some rice paper rolls with pork/egg, they had across the register..not impressed but the peanut type sauce was good... I'd eat here again but try a different meat or ask for double meat maybe? Plus there's a lot more to taste. The best bahn mi I've had so far were in Houston for sure."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angie H.', '5', 'decent vietnamese smmiches yo! consumed many times, did not get sick. 5 stars! :)  also tried their shrimp spring roll, pork& rice noodles(??). all good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Richard A.', '5', "Cheap delicious bhun mi sandwiches. They have other things here but that's all I got. That's all I know. That's all I needed."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Connie P.', '5', "My go to Vietnamese sandwich place! The fish cake sandwich is BOMB. Try it! My go to order for idk like 10 years now?! I don't even like Vietnamese fish cake much but this place makes it so so soooo gooood. Please give me the recipe!! Whenever I'm back in NorCal I make sure to make a pit stop and stock up for the ride home and then days after."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ocee D.', '2', "Short Version: I almost feel bad giving such a low rating after reading all the good reviews.............ALMOST.  Maybe the problem is that Thanh Huong set the bar too high.....or maybe all the sandwiches they made the day I went in were crappy.  Extended Version: #5 Banh Mi Xa-Xiu (BBQ Pork) (2 1/2 stars) - if i HAD TO pick one of the sandwiches from today to eat again, it would be this one. That doesn't mean it was good though. #7 Thit Nuong (Grilled Pork) (2 stars) - thought I was gonna like this one the best, but nope. It was dry, didn't really taste good, and I didn't like the peanuts they threw in there.  #1 Thit Nguoi (Ham, Pâté, & Head Cheese) (1 1/2 stars) - aight, so it wasn't the worst thing I could've had, but it wasn't that far from it. The only way I could explain the weird aftertaste is that it was like the smell of the inside of really old people's house, or the common area of a middle class retirement home. Basically, all of the sandwiches were dry and none were any good even though they were all tolerable and the bread tasted fresh. I heard the Dac Biet is one of the most popular sandwiches (I think it's just a #1 that they add steamed pork to), so MAYBE I'll be back to give 'em another shot Misc. - None of the staff speaks English, so know what you wanna order, and don't be complicated about it b/c you're gonna hold up the rest of the line - There are tables inside in case you wanna hang out and eat there"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Aniko N.', '2', 'Not sure why their high rating is so high but banh mi here isnt really good. There  is no balance ratio with the meat and veggy. Worst of all, if they put too much pate on your banh mi. It become very very salty. Definitely, not coming here again. I prefer banh mi thanh huong senter rd or Thien huong sandwich.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Danna C.', '4', "I had bookmarked Huong Lan a few weeks ago after seeing a segment about it on television. This weekend we were in the general vicinity and decided to head over and give it a try. We ordered the BBQ pork and grilled pork banh mis, Vietnamese coffe, and avocado shake all for $12.75. The sandwiches were hearty and tasty. The coffee was quite good. I didn't care for the avocado shake because it had a lot of boba, but my wife liked it. Overall I was quite pleased with our meals. Not sure if we'll be back tough, mainly because it's quite a trek from our house. But if we're in the area again, it would be worthy of another visit."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ha T.', '4', 'I love the variety in their food offers. I like their roasted pork and duck while my husband also enjoy their Banh Mi a lot too. I would love the banh mi more if the people behind the table serving them smile to me more. They are pretty busy, i was there for the first time and was pretty clumsy with the process. they were not so friendly to explain it, just point at my tickets when it was my turn to get the banh mi. I wish the accept card.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'SDFoodie e.', '4', "#7 grilled pork sandwich was very tastey. Nice warm bread, sweet and sour pickled turnip/carrot slaw, cilantro, and jalapeño pepper slices with mayo. Bread was not too crumbly like other Vietnamese sandwich shops I've tried and grilled pork is flavorful. Nice combination and for $2.99 before taxes, I'm hooked. I also tried #1 ham, pate, headcheese without the ham and have to say, I was not a huge fan of headcheese.......first time trying it and had a hard time getting past the gelatinous texture with crunchy bits which wasn't too appetizing for my palate.  However, for those headcheese fans, don't take my word for it. The pate on it tasted similar to a thin layer of liverwurst. I probably would have been ok with just pate and the trimmings.  Overall, #7 will be my pick every time I crave a Banh mi :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gene G.', '2', 'I was in San Jose for a business trip yesterday and deceided to stop by Huong Lan.They have a location in Fresno which I have been to, I expected  the quality of the food to be the same or better. To my surprise, I was disappointed.Their Roast Pork Banh Mi was "kind of okay ".Like Amy from Oakland posted on her review 3 days ago, "the bread was not the greatest ".The worse disappointment was the Taro Boba.Possibly, the worst I\'ve tried. The gals at the counter, dont know how to smile and or say \'thank you" ***** Can the taste quality from Fresno location compared to San jose be such a big difference? Or did I just get a "bum meal ?"']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'J. G.', '4', "The only thing to get here is the grilled pork sandwich! It is the bomb and for only $3.50? Seriously? If you think its small its not but if you are really hungry you can add more meat for a very small price. Didn't really care for their sugar cane juice, had a citrus added to it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Luan N.', '5', "What can I say, I'm Vietnamese and I love Vietnamese food. Best sandwiches around here. WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY better than Lee's. These workers meet all guidelines and properly prepare their food. Their quality has always been top-notch and they been around for a long time. Love this place maaan."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shilpa Y.', '3', "I remember coming here all the time when I lived in San Jose for my banh mi fix. I was so excited to stop by today! The service is fast, and they offer a variety of drinks and snacks to browse while you wait. There is also an ATM conveniently located in the store in case you forget it's cash only. I got the #12 vegetarian sandwich, which was a little bland and dry. The bread was crispy and delicious. I also ordered the Vietnamese iced coffee which was strong and creamy! For vegetarians, I don't think this sandwich surpasses Lee's sandwiches which is a lot closer to me. I have yet to find an amazing veggie banh mi in norcal!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Peter Y.', '1', "Called them 6 times only to get hung up on 6 times! They can obviously hear me because my last 3 times I specifically asked, can you hear me? yes.  They don't understand english well enough so here is a 1 star for you If you plan to call an order in or ask any catering related questions, have somebody who can speak Vietnamese do it for you."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Corey H.', '5', 'Their #1 is very good.  I always get it when I go there.  Parking is huge but sometimes you get to see beggers on the street asking for money or cigarettes.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kim D.', '4', 'Probably one of my favorite vietnamese sandwiches spot in San Jose.  Their BBQ pork sandwich seems to be one of their most popular and it is good, but my personal favorite is the viet "Bacon" sandwich (Ba Roi).  It freaking melts in your mouth!  Thinly sliced so it is easy to eat (I\'ve tried other places and they\'re cut too thick so the pork skin is nearly impossible to bite).  My personal favorite vietnamese sandwich is the meatball sandwich (xui mai), unfortunately, this place doesn\'t serve a great one.  A bit flavorless.  So I\'d gladly stick with the ba roi. I also love their Thai Tea.  It\'s not authentic you\'d get from a Thai restaurant but for $2.50 it\'s damn tasty and beats Tap X or Quickly.  Advice, get an order of Thai Tea with boba AND grass jelly.  You\'re welcome. Their avocado shake is authentic and delicious as well. They also serve many other asian lunch items and have roasted pork and duck. I enjoy their canh chua (Sour Soup), you can get an individual portion for $2 and side of rice for $1.  Bam! Not a huge fan of their pate chaud, however.  Should skip. Anyway, $2.75 sandwich, $2.50 milk tea.  A meal for $5.25!  Beats McD\'s. Cash only.  There\'s an ATM in the store.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', "Boss In'a E.", '1', "Very nasty cockroaches in milk tea stay away. I don't understand how you can continue to serve people."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Phuong H.', '5', 'Bbq pork sandwich 3.22 Pork bun 2.25 2 diet cokes 1.84 7.75  Cash only.  They have hot food.  Roast pork, duck, pork n eggs.   Tables inside.   Plenty of parking.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Addie L.', '5', "I've been going here (pre-Yelp) when the sandwiches were a $1.50 each... a screaming bargain.  Now, it's $2.75 but still a great deal. You can't go wrong with any of the choices, all have a great balance of meat, veggies, and seasonings.  Be careful, as they add some peppers and it could add an unexpected bite!  The bread is perfect, fresh and crispy, but yet soft on the inside. Also, it's just off the 101 freeway on Tully and the street is extremely busy.  Strongly advise to make the U turn to get into the parking lot. Highly recommended!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gina N.', '4', "Yesterday was my first time getting a sandwich from here and it was GREAT!  I got the vegetarian banh mi. It had shredded tofu, which I didn't like at Lee's, but loved here! It wasn't dry like at Lee's. It was moist and had a good taste. They loaded it with veggies and the jalapeños were super fresh! The bread was tasty and warm, but the ends got pretty hard. Other than that, it's an awesome sandwich, especially for only paying $3.50 for it! I also got a freshly squeezed sugar can drink. They only have orange flavored ones, but I was fine with that because that's one of my favorite flavors. The orange was squeezed right into it. It was fresh and light, had just enough flavor, and left my sweet tooth completely satisfied.  Overall, I will be coming here again and will definitely recommend these sandwiches to friends."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lily L.', '4', "Rating (considering it as fast food )      Food : 4      Facilities: 2.5 I tried the steamed pork (#2) and grilled pork (#7) Bahn Mi.  I really liked the steamed pork .  The grilled pork was good but the peanut sauce didn't complement the meat so I'm not sure if I'd get that again.  My hubby got the shredded chicken + pate and he liked it.  We both thought the bread from Lee's is better though.  I did like their fresh spring rolls very much and the peanut sauce for the rolls was great.  Overall, I like this place and think the value for the buck is very good."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Susan L.', '4', "Pandan Jelly + a bunch of yummy things that I don't know the name of.  The only downside is that the sandwiches take too long to make and the store is on the disorganized side with much of the items not listing prices."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christine P.', '5', "The only Vietnamese sandwich shop that I will go to. Can't go wrong with a #1 or a #7. Gotta have some fresh soy bean milk and take home some of their Vietnamese dishes too!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amyangelbee N.', '5', "This place is awesome. I really love the banh mi they have here. The bread has that balance of being both soft and crunchy unlike lee's sandwiches which are just plain hard. The banh mi here are just so simple yet i can't make it at home. I will always love this place. Also i use to love coffee lovers, but the banh mi there is has too much fat in the meat. Thats why this place is the absolute best."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Phillip R.', '4', "why am i so full? why is it cheaper than a cup of coffee? why am i complaining? well, came here to get my coffee fix. hunger ensued. instead, i opted for food.  order --- banh mi (xiu mai) . pretty good. bread was soft, the meatballs were flavorful. always a good amount of veggies to stuff the inside.  pork (chet nong mi?) . not what i was expecting. it was good. it was filling but, i was expecting a bread on the outside because of the color. not a bad place to go. much prefer this spot over Lee's. cash only but, you kinda gotta expect that."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Scott F.', '4', 'They sell Bánh tét during New Year:  The Banh Tet is OK.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Elliott K.', '5', "This place arguably has the best Banh Mi I've ever had. The crust has a top crunch but soft bread on the inside. The meats and vegetables that go inside blend well with the mayo type of deal they put in there. The ratio is all right. Spot on.  And all for $3.25 including tax. Who will argue against that?? You know a place is good when there's little to no advertising, it's a little ghetto, but people organically keep coming back for more.  Check, check, check. Very worth it. Try it. Cash only."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vincent T.', '5', "Cheap pricing and tasty food. Delciious curry and banh mi is bigger than Lee's. Cheaper too."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Patty B.', '5', 'The only place to go for sugar cane juice and all the classic Vietnamese to go items!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Huy D.', '5', 'I\'d be hard pressed to tell you exactly when the Vietnamese sandwich ("banh mi") became so chic, hip, cool, and cutting edge.  Huong Lan harkens back to a time where the banh mi was hella underground and known only inside San Jose and Orange County.   If you\'re new to the scene and need a guide to Huong Lan, select one or two of the following: - the traditional banh mi (get it with extra meat and pate for a nominal fee) - xiu mai (vietnamese meatball sandwich - best if eaten hot) - thit nuong (BBQ pork sandwich) - thit nuong + xiu mai (Yes, this my own gluttinous, off-the-menu creation.  It\'s the meatballs smashed in with BBQ pork.  And yes, it\'s as glorious as it sounds.) - if you don\'t like having the pickled vegetables in your sandwich, you can always request to have it left in a separate container.   There are a lot of banh mi competitors vying for your hard earned dollar in San Jose.  For me, Huong Lan has always been consistent in quality.  The prices have gone up since Bill Clinton was president but are still fair compared to the American counterparts (Subways, Quizno\'s, and Lee\'s Sandwiches - yes, Lee\'s).  Huong Lan is my first option if I\'m craving banh mi.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike K.', '4', "Huong Lan is a Vietnamese food store, that also makes sandwiches and has hot food. I came last week for the first time.  I ordered a Roasted Pork Bahn Mi and it was the best I've ever had. The meat was great and the cilantro, carrots, and jalapenos were really crisp and fresh. What put it over the top was the peanut spread on the bread. The only knock is the bread was really dry and tough. I also got the green sticky coconut rice. It's was unreal. So good.  I got a fantastic sandwich and dessert  for under $5!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Emily Y.', '4', "Oh my gosh.  The baguettes.   To be honest I still dream about them sometimes. There are tasty sandwiches at affordable prices but personally my family would just buy baguettes from here and tear off pieces to eat on the way home because we couldn't wait to taste them, they are that fresh and delicious."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dane T.', '5', "I really love the meatball and BBQ pork sandwiches here. The veggies taste very fresh! I like the french bread they use too, it's very filling. My favorite part about this place is affordability! It's much cheaper than other sandwich shops!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Doris H.', '4', 'I love coming in here and finding little tidbits to eat from banh cuon, banh mi, Thit nuong, bubble tea and other things. Everything is so delicious, especially the banh mi.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stephanie N.', '5', "My second review for Huong Lan, and yet another 5 stars! I was starving one day and decided to head back to Huong Lan.  I tried the fish cake sandwich and it was wonderful! They don't skimp on the number of fish cakes which was nice; I think there were 5 or 6 pieces in there. Delicious! I also bought some banh cuon (LOVEEEEE) which really hit the spot. Many of the items are very cheap. With about $5~6 you can have a whole meal. Will definitely go again when I'm in the area."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Paul B.', '4', "I'm not really a sandwich-kind-of-guy. But the idea of grilled pork, marinated vegetables, cilantro, fresh jalapeño slices piled on a crusted french roll is a pretty delicious exception to the rule. After a taxing four-hour session of tattooing in San Jose, I had nothing on my mind but Banh Mi! Research suggested that Huong Lan Sandwich was the place to go... Cash only, huge selection...this was expected. Yet what did surprise me were the low, low prices! If you've ever been around a trendy food truck or college-oriented hip fusion joint, you will concur that $6-$10 for a Banh Mi sandwich sounds quite normal. #7 - Grilled Pork Sandwich: $2.99 [a yelp favorite, by a mile] #16 - Fried Egg Sandwich: $2.99 The fried egg Banh Mi wasn't actually on the menu...I learned of it from the manager of Orenchi Ramen [restaurant review coming soon] who has been a lifetime Huong Lan patron and was coincidentally getting tattooed at the same shop as I was. With the sandwiches being as cheap as they were, I was compelled to purchase two and, while it may be shameful, I finished both in one car ride. But they where THAT good! Both sandwiches were delicious in their own sinful ways. The grilled pork had juicy and savory elements which married well with the crispness of the veg and bread. And who doesn't like a hearty, fried egg sandwich?!?! In addition to the Banh Mi, I also brought home a heck-of-a-lot of roasted duck [review coming soon]. Never again will I be able to fork out a Hamilton for a Vietnamese Sandy. After experiencing Huong Lan, I now know what TRUE Banh Mi is and where to find it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Carrie A.', '4', 'You know this place is the bomb when it\'s; A) On some TV show, and B) My dad calls from over 2100 miles away and asks me if I have been there yet. So I ask my dad for the address since he was struggling to say the name. As soon as he tells me it\'s off of Tully I ask if the cross street is King. "How did you know?" Well, maybe it\'s because I know my way around San Jose, and also because it\'s the BUSIEST intersection in all of San Jose, and I try at all costs to avoid it. But I go anyway, since food is my motivator. The Bahn Mi was great! Nice warm bread with BBQ pork and all the fixings, and lived up to the hype. Very spacious indoors, and assume they need it for when it gets busy during lunch hours. (Note to those who are not familiar with this area -- it is wise NOT to come here during lunch hours, it is a madhouse parking lot when it is slow.) My husband and I sat inside and had the opportunity to watch one of the World Cup games while we ate, and poked around afterwards to check out all the impulse items of food you can grab al a carte.  My dad would have liked it, because he probably would\'ve ordered the duck that was dangling in the glass enclosure right when you walk in.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sam K.', '5', "Honestly, where else can you spend $2.75 and get a decent sandwich? I've literally been here the whole week for the time I was in San Jose.  Their Banh Mi selection is great and there is a ton of variety! I have yet to try the other stuff they have in their store but from the reviews, it seems they are just as good as the Banh Mi they have here as well. Definitely recommend this place; especially if you're just looking for a quick lunch."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'K L.', '5', "Super friendly customer service, the Vietnamese ladies are always nice...the banh mi is always fresh and crispy! I love their bua! It's the bomb.The one in milpitas family owned is even better!. Banh mi thit noung or banh mi cha is my favorite, you can always call in to order and then pick up so you don't have to wait."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Emmie N.', '4', 'Banh Mi here is legit, not like Lee\'s sandwiches. I love that they have so many options for Vietnamese snacks. I usually come here to stock up: che, sticky rice, buns, spring rolls, etc. They also have to go "meals" like com tam or banh cuon.  Very reasonable prices In a big plaza with plenty of parking.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jason X.', '5', '3.50 for a massive banh mi!! The bbq pork and bbq bacon ones are great! There are also many other assorted vietnamese foods and a small seating area of a couple tables if you want to eat there.  Make sure to bring cash! The register was cash only when I went.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Debora L.', '5', 'Good selection of snacks, sweets, sticky rice offerings and solid sandwiches (even a vegetarian banh mi) for about $3. Enjoyed the sugar cane juice too. Pass on the veggie spring rolls- too dry. Fast service. Navigating the parking lot was a bit challenging but worth it.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lawrence H.', '5', "I come here all the time! Before I discovered Huong Lan, I went to Lee's Sandwiches to satisfy my Vietnamese sandwich cravings. Buuut...their prices rose by like a dollar or so up to the $3.50 range.  Huong Lan's sandwiches are shorter, but much wider and with more contents in my opinion! The bread is crispy on the outside with a lot of soft fluff on the inside, which makes it tastier than Lee's hard baguettes.  I also really like that Huong Lan has BBQ chicken instead of the classic BBQ pork, and Huong Lan offers a lot more variety than Lee's Sandwiches does. Anyways, onto the review of the actual store. It's not the cleanest place, but that's no problem to me. There's always either a homeless person outside the main entrance, or an elderly asian woman selling flowers or vegetables... The store has a nice BBQ meat and individual entree deli section in addition to their main register that advertises the sandwiches. Compared to Lee's, Huong Lan definitely is not as clean and does not have as much of a professional atmosphere, but the food quality and prices will have you coming back for more!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gerry R.', '3', 'Driven by this place many times but never tried it out until now. Decided to try out their Vietnamese sandwich (BBQ Pork) and also ordered Roast Duck and Roast Pork. I figured this would give me a taste of the variety they serve.  Here is summary of my first experience with Huong Lan Sandwich: ITEM:           RATING: PARKING = 3 (Fairly busy parking lot. Located in not one of the best areas in San Jose.) SERVICE= 4 (Guy who chopped up my roast duck and pork was friendly) CLEANLINESS = 3 VIETNAMESE SANDWICH = 2 (Bread was not fresh. Was crumbly) ROAST DUCK = 3 ROAST PORK = 3']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lorrie M.', '4', "For the price it's 4 stars for sure, but taste wise I'm going to have to go with 3 stars ... maybe. Don't get me wrong, this place is awesome. Like the mecca of Vietnamese food to go. I love the price too, since it's still under $3 which most places are not. They have such a huge variety of hot and cold as well as packaged food offerings that it's hard to not find what you want here. However, the sandwich itself ... I'm not sure. It was good, the bread was soft, it didn't cut into your mouth but at the same time it lacked flavor. They don't even put in pate into your sandwich (unless it says pate on the name) by default. You have to ask for it! The grilled pork and steamed pork, which are my favorite varieties, were just ok. There seems to be some kind of ... excitement lacking in their pickled veggies and otherwise delicious bread and pate ... maybe it was the pate? I don't know. It just didn't quite do it for me. I think I have had a better sandwich, honestly."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Victoria M.', '4', "My new go to place for Vietnamese Sandwiches. Scrumptious bread with just enough crunch & very delicious! Cheap too. Taking away a star because they're like a lot of the Vietnamese joints on the EAST SIDE - CASH ONLY! Inconvenient =/"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ellin C.', '4', "Banh mi here was pretty good-- nice sized sandwich for only $3.25. I got the grilled pork and also BBQ pork. Wish there was more meat in each sandwich but it's quite a steal for this price. Service was fast and the pate was very yummy."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michelle V.', '4', 'Being Vietnamese myself, I\'m a pretty tough critic when it comes to Vietnamese food in general since I know exactly what I need from whatever meal/treat/drink I\'m getting my mouth into. I was craving a GOOD banh mi awhile back, gee...this must have been over a year ago now and I had this place bookmarked since the pricing isn\'t so bad and a lot of other Yelpers were raving about their banh mi. I got myself the standard banh mi thit nuong which is the grilled pork banh mi. I figured, why not try one of the most popular sandwiches that NO Vietnamese place could really mess up. I ordered to-go, paid in cash and waited for only a few minutes while they made my sammich up. We came back home. I opened up my sammich and start plowing my chompers into the deliciousness. Yes, the pork was made just the way I like it. The fillings weren\'t too overpowering which is nice.  Only 2 reasons why I\'m not giving this place 5 stars: 1. The bread isn\'t the best I\'ve had. I prefer banh mi bread from bakeries down in the OC. 2. The price is "decent\', but not the cheapest. And you can get some pretty CHEAP ass, GOOD ass banh mi back down in the OC.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kyle O.', '5', "Best Banh Mi in San Jose!  Never go to Lee's again!! Prices went up to $3 and they only accept cash. So withdraw cash before coming! New year. New Prices. Still bomb ass sandwiches!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jessica A.', '5', "WOW WOW WEEEWOW!  I visited here with the boyfriend on Sunday for lunch. As soon as I walked through the doors, I knew I was in for a treat. We ordered the following: - 2 #7 grilled pork with extra meat  - 1 #5 bbq pork with extra meat  - spring rolls - a Vietnamese coffee The number #7 grilled pork was INCREDIBLE. The bread was warm and soft. The veggies had great texture and were uber fresh! The meat had amazing flavor. THANK GOD I ordered extra meat. Thanks fellow yelpers for tip. I echo the same sentiment regarding mo meat!  The number #5 was good and worth trying but the grilled pork has my vote. The spring rolls were better than most places but $6 compared to the $4 sandwiches (including extra meat) doesn't make the cut. Next time I'd opt for just the sandwich. The Vietnamese coffee packs a serious punch. LOVED it. If you're a fan, definitely try it. We gave this spot 5 stars which is a rarity. Food and prices are AMAZING! We definitely will be back. :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mr. B.', '1', 'No credit.  2.75 for using the inside atm.  They have package cooked chicken available for purchase right on the counter without heat lamps or proper storing.  Hmmm ... is this safe?  Risked it and tried the pork#1 sandwich.  Meat was low quality and a lot of fat/tendons. All tables were dirty with years of grime on the condiment bottles.  Old lady was eating stuff behind the counter.  Theres a good flavor  to  the sandwich that I like but, I think I will make my own next time.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ruby N.', '3', "The place offers a wide variety of food and it's probably the reason I like about this place. However, I think the food is only of average quality (I've had better) and it's a little expensive than other places. Not sure if I'm gonna be back."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'H. P.', '5', "Delicious banh mi. This was my family's go-to banh mi shop when we used to live in San Jose. Now that I'm back in the area for school, I will definitely come here more often. Note: it appears that prices have gone up! My BBQ pork sandwich (xa xiu) was $3.25, as were many of the other sandwiches. Still a good deal! I hadn't been to Huong Lan in awhile, but it DID seem that they put more meat into my sandwich than before.  Tips:  - Cash only!  - If you want to beat the crowds, it was empty around 2pm on a Friday. - Ask for the pickled veggies on the side. If you don't, they will put them in the sandwich for you, usually meaning you won't get as much. I bought two sandwiches and had more than enough veggies for them. Sandwiches also stay fresher longer with veggies on the side."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kim W.', '5', "Best Banh Mi everrrrrr!!! Bread is perfectly crunchy on the outside (doesn't leave your top gums hurting) and soft on the inside, so it soaks up the spreads really well. They also put the perfect amount of meat, pickles, and other condiments.  Love all their other Vietnamese to-go goodies too...and prices are so cheap!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jay R.', '3', 'This should be my go to place before work. Their sandwiches are pretty good. I usully get the grilled pork. What I like about it is they put a little bit of peanut sauce I think which gives it thag extra crunch. The ice coffee is strong here and keeps me up for awhile. Over all typical vietnamese setting. They could clean the joint up a little though.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gina L.', '4', 'When I walk in here it\'s like a culmination of my lost childhood snacks. The mysterious cakes and cookies that would appear at my grandma\'s house for a weekend and never make another appearance after we\'d demolish it, all beautifully lined on the counters on white plastic trays and saran wrap.  According to my mom, it\'s one of THE original Vietnamese sandwich shops in the area. "When we first came, there was no banh mi, and then huong lan opened." Service and cleanliness: nonexistent.  But the food, oh my god, the food. If you\'re an adventurous eater, this is the place to go. Especially if you love sweets. They have many types of xoi (sticky rice) and tons and tons of steamed/baked rice/wheat cakes: coconut, cassava, banana, you name it. Even the famed rice cake, "banh bo", that has such a complex flavor, yet a bland appearance.  For the savory foods, they have roast pig which looks good, and lots of types of banh mi. I tried the goi cuon and nem cuon from a package; the meat in the goi cuon was a little fatty but the nuoc mam made it all better. They also have banh hoi cuon which is an AMAZING version of spring rolls if you\'ve never tried it; banh beo, and other appetizer type rice based plates.  There is also che, sam bo luong, and other drinks in the fridge (including banh bot loc, pandan jelly), which are all sweet, and refreshing. Adjacent they have a case of frozen egg rolls, nem (cured beef, yummmm), and cha lua (vietnamese ham).  My two cents: be adventurous, try what looks good, try what you\'ve never seen before - but taste before you dive in. I bought a tray of simmered corn "bap ham" that was delicious but the sesame topping had gone rancid (luckily I didn\'t get sick).  A true gem for divey, cheap, authentic food in the bay area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tammy T.', '2', "The Banh Mi sandwiches I loved and grew up with were down in San Gabriel Valley (think all the local spots like Banh Mi Che Cali)  and this one here didn't measure up. It did taste authentic but the bread didn't have the same subtle contrast between soft and crunch  and the lard (or maybe they put mayo?) didn't have the same rich creaminess. I ordered the #1 (headcheese, deli meat, etc.). It comes with pickled carrot/daikon, jalapeños, cilantro (could have used more), and the lard (or it might have been mayo). Overall, it seems like a convenient spot for locals or if you're picking up sandwiches en route to another destination (open very early in the morning), but I'd try something else before returning. All sandwiches were $3.50 and there were a variety of other Vietnamese dishes (spring rolls, roast meat including mini quails, dessert drinks, pennyworth juice, pandan soy milk, cured nem meat, colored sticky rice with coconut and salt/sesame/sugar, etc.)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Phuong M.', '4', "I grew up here eating at Huong Lan when it was in downtown San Ho! I remember when the sandwiches were $1 each and you buy 5 you get 1 free! Long gone were those days and now the sammaches are a whopping $3.24 a sandwich! I don't know how it doesn't break the bank!  This place is like a Vietnamese fast food haven! The difference between Vietnamese fast food versus  American fast food is that Vietnamese food is still healthy regardless! You get an array of fresh veggies to accompany your meal and everything is made all day long. The sandwiches are made to order and the pickled daikon and carrots brings me back to my fondest childhood memories. I always either get the Siu Mai or Char Siu sandwiches! I asked for extra pickled veggies, skip on the onion and go crazy on the fresh cilantro and the few pieces of fresh jalapeño round house kicks the sandwich! Their BBQ tit nuong isn't very good though compared to Thanh Huong. It's meat that's been processed so it's more like a hot dog style BBQ pork. Thanh Huong is where I go for the BBQ pork. Other than that I like all the fresh food they serve here and how it makes me feel nostalgic every time to revisit here and I want to buy one of everything cause it brings me back.. Their spring rolls aren't that great I think probably cause I can make way better but as a convenient cute for cravings is decent not the best but not the worst.  Definitely check it out for cheap fresh eats when you're in the area!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Irina D.', '4', "I ate from here again and I have to say my experience here was way better than last time. I picked up another spring roll tray which had three different types of filling (shrimp, shredded pork with skin, and nem (sp?)). It was wrapped tight enough this time (see previous review). It tasted pretty fresh except for the shredded pork with skin one(though that stuff doesn't really usually taste fresh anyway). I liked the nem and the shrimp one. I could do without the pork one. There's ones with an egg filling which I'm interested in trying next.  We also got egg rolls, too. We ordered 6 large egg rolls, but they only had 3 large and 3 small ones. The large ones had meat in them, but also had cabbage which made it taste like a half way decent generic egg roll with celery in it. The Huong Lan in Milpitas has taro and all kinds of good stuff in theirs. If I just going for the egg rolls, I would go to the one in Milpitas. My husband had the small egg rolls and he said they tasted pretty good and not celery-like. They also included packets of sweet and sour dipping sauce- that's usually a plus, but it makes me feel like the egg rolls were not genuine and more American. I've only had fish sauce ever come with my egg rolls if at all. Suspicious.  I love the fact that they sell roast duck and fried shrimp entree here, too! I want to try that stuff next time!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike N.', '5', "Best quality foods! Good prices! World-class services! People are really nice! Much more better than Lee's sw and others. Highly recommend visiting Huong Lan to see the differences :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Monte H.', '5', "$3 for one of the most delicious sandwiches you'll ever eat. Every subway store in the world needs to be closed immediately and replaced by a Huong Lan."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wendy Z.', '4', "Had the opportunity to try their grilled pork and shredded chicken sandwiches. First impression? It is a legit Vietnamese sandwich place! The sandwiches are super cheap at just $3.50, which is a lot cheaper than in SF (can range from 4.50-$7!). I must say I enjoyed the grilled pork more. They add ground peanuts to the sandwich which adds a nice texture to the sandwich and complements the pork very well! I did enjoy the shredded chicken but did felt there was slightly too much mayo. They also have many other dishes you can get there are packed and ready to go: vermicelli bowls, spring rolls, and their wide range of Vietnamese dessert! A must try if you're in San Jose, especially since SJ is known for Vietnamese food!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steven C.', '4', "Tasty food / drinks, difficult to communicate, cleanliness? Favorite drinks: blended avocado, red bean milk tea, jasmine green milk tea, blended mango.  Favorite sandwiches: shredded chicken, ham My mom and friend said they experienced stomach issues after consuming their food (on separate occasions), so not too sure about their cleanliness when it comes to handling food. It can be difficult to communicate with them in English sometimes; they have gotten my family's order wrong a few times, so I'm not even going to try to customize my drink :P + Favorite boba place + Drinks such as red bean / green bean come with beans AND boba + Delicious sandwiches * Can't say for sure how clean they are - Can be hard to communicate in English sometimes - Cash only"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Victoria N.', '5', "Huong lan is my go to place for Banh mi and quick Vietnamese meals! I actually get sad if I'm craving Banh mi and have to get it else where. I love the shredded chicken (bi ga) and the classic Banh mi thit nguoi.  My mom tends to randomly bring home a tray of the grilled pork for dinner and it's sooo tasty and delicious. As you can see from other yelpers. The grilled pork sandwich seems to be a crowd favorite. But I prefer getting the tray of meat and eating it w vermicelli, veggies, and of course a fried egg at home. Quick and easy meal that is super satisfying.  They also have roasted pig and duck here along with to-go items for when you're on the go."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lovina C.', '5', "**5 STARS** relative to: Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) One of the best Vietnamese sandwiches that I have found on this side of world. For a mere $2.75, you get a delectable, filling sandwich for your eating pleasure. They are generous with the fillings and have good quality bread. I like their sandwiches a lot better than the ones from the infamous Saigon Sandwich in SF, which I find to be too sweet for a true Vietnamese sandwich. I am always looking for the perfect Vietnamese sandwich and Huong Lan seems to have done it.  Their pate is killer, they aren't skimpy with the meat and filling, good flavor, and their bread is just right. Great quality and way more authentic than those overpriced food truck sandwiches, all for a fraction of the price. How does it all stack up? * PATE:  Quality pate you can taste.  My favorite ingredient. * BREAD:  Not a true *French* baguette (which I would prefer), but it's thick, crispy, crusty, and substantial enough to hold everything and fill you up. * MEAT:  Good flavor.  Sizable portions. * PICKLED DAIKON/CARROTS:  Perfectly pickled. Just the right amount of tart, sweet, and crunch. * MAYO:  Not too much, not too sweet, provides a nice backdrop to the rest of the flavors. * Also comes with cilantro, jalapenos, and pickled onions. **Favorites**  Banh mi thit nguoi. **Recommend?**  Yes, I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good, authentic (and cheap!) Vietnamese sandwich. My problem:  Tooooooo faaaar from where I live.  Solution:  Stock up whenever I'm in the area, keep in fridge, and re-toast in the the toaster oven. Unfortunately, I rarely find myself in the area... can someone deliver to me?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Grace C.', '2', "Too much bread and not enough meat. We ordered the BBQ pork, ham with pate and head cheese, meatball, and grilled pork, so I had a fair enough sampling. I do have to give them some props for their grilled pork sandwich. They add bits of fried onion and peanuts to it which gives the sandwich a nice crunchiness and flavor. But like the  other sandwiches, there wasn't much meat in it. Was a little disappointed, have had much better in North SJ. This should be better if it's so close to Little Saigon!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Julia C.', '5', "Still the best vietsans in town! $5 gets you a long way, combo of sandwich and beverage if you will.  This place brings back fond memories, skipping classes for cheap good eats nearly 10 yrs ago.  Not too crazy about the rice/hot dishes or lurking bums with chihuahua muts running around the store. But then again it's really all about the sammiches! #1 with cha and extra pate please!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tina H.', '5', "I practically grew up here! I've lived down the street from huong lan when I was younger and came here almost everyday! Even though my family and I moved we still come here every week or so! We come here so often that the ladies that work there recognizes us and remembers what we like on our orders. All of the Banh Mi's are delicious and cheap! I'd choose huong lan banh mi over lee's sandwich any day! The drinks here are good too! My favorite is the red bean!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anh Thu P.', '2', "Pretty disappointed by the overal quality of the place. I usually shop here with my mom, but she asked me to get some togo food for the family and I must say, I am very unimpressed. Firstly, they don't even list the Special sandwich (dac biet) so you have to specifically ask for it and they also don't tell you that it costs more than the rest of the sandwiches. I understand it should cost more, but just let people know or add it to the board! When I got home, the sandwich was overly dressed with pate and the bread was extremely stale. Given I bought this in the middle of the day during the weekend, there is no excuse for stale bread. Secondly, everything is .50-$1 more expensive than any other sandwich spot I've been to. It may not seem like a lot, but feeding an entire family can add up to a lot. I bought their packaged banh uot and it was NOT soft at all. They definitely have left it on the counter for many days until it's sold. DISLIKE. I'd rather spend an extra 5 mins to drive to another shop that cares about quality and fresh ingredients"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nicolai D.', '4', "Having read the high reviews from Yelp, I rolled through here the other week. From the outside, it isn't anything worth noting, and the interior is nothing to rave about. But the food is where this establishment reigns supreme.  Its a simple menu and a simple sandwich, but it's done right. They know what they're good at and, for the incredible price of $3.25 a pop, I'll literally throw my money at them. I've had the BBQ pork and ham sandwiches, both of which carried enough taste to know that THIS was real food. They pack a small kick (I love it) and Huong Lan will forever be the bar for which I will hold Viet sandwiches. Cheers."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy M.', '4', "Great little Viet food and sandwich shop. Banh mi here is pretty good, but not life-changing. I always get the classic #1 (at any Viet sandwich shop), which is usually some combination of pate and Vietnamese cold cut meats.  We also got soy sauce chicken and roasted pig. The roasted pig is chopped up a lot sloppier than some places, but the taste is solid. Nice and crispy skin like how it should be. There are also a ton of packaged up Vietnamese sweets and even rice/noodle dishes like banh cuon. I can't vouch for those though, since we didn't try them. Cooked food sitting out at room temperature for hours freaks me out a bit.  I'll definitely drop by the next time I'm in the area!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Douglas Y.', '3', "This is a pretty large Huong Lan but oddly enough they don't serve pho here.  There is a separate hot food section, but the items really didn't look appetizing to me.  We ordered our standard BBQ Pork Ban Mi and were rewarded with the same delicious soft yet crunchy bread, pickled veggies and sweet pork.  For an additional fifty cents you get extra meat-oh yeah!  We also tried the milk tea with pearls but the tea was a little bitter and the pears a little on the chewy side.  All and all this is still a great sandwich shop."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angela T.', '5', "Woohooo! As good as it gets!! Definitely true. The bang mi here is good. My grandparents love coming to this place and a so do it! THe hung pan  sandwich is one of the best. Fresh, Stuffed with great stuff. only for like $3. Location is okay but it's clean inside. Recommended!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Emile L.', '2', 'Food was not great, and a little higher priced than other Vietnamese places on Story or Tully. Banh mi was bland and the meat in the goi cuon spring rolls were tasteless.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael W.', '5', 'I must declare this place is great Sandwiches are not so expensive. Bad news is that it does not accept credit cards. I must say if you bring you own drinks you save a lot of money. The drinks along are so good because they are good if you are on the run to the library or to Eastridge. This place is the best work break area it is not too far from a lot of workers areas. All of the food is luscious']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'cindy T.', '5', "Thit nuong sandwich is what I usually order here.  All the other sandwiches are good as well.   Just be careful with the beggar in front of the store.  One time, he tried to snatch my sis-in-law's purse out of her hand but luckily her fiance  caught him and told him off."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Beast L.', '2', 'You assholes. And all the other cheap fuckers that are only "Cash Only" should eat my asshole. I resent having sat through traffic and fought off a bunch of dickhead drivers only to arrive at the place and find out I can\'t actually eat anything because I was planning on using a credit card but I can\'t because THEY\'RE HIDING INCOME FROM THE IRS. Still, my number 1 was pretty good. I won\'t go back however, until society bans cash and all forms of payment are electronic. Long live our bit and byte overlords.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kevin C.', '5', "Amazing banh mi for an amazing price of 3.25!! I'm used to the la price of 6 or more so this is a great deal. Definitely tastes authentic. I would highly recommend this place"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Victoria C.', '3', "This use to be my favorite place to get banh mi. When I went in the other day I noticed their entire menu changed. The price went up to $3 (still not bad but, remember the good old days when you can get it for $2.50?). My favorite banh mi is the combination, in the combination there's ham, pate, and headcheese. After the purchase, I hopped in the car and couldn't stop smiling because it smelled so good. I couldn't wait to get home to take a big bite out of that sandwich. When I finally unwrapped my sandwich I took a huge bite and it was ALL bread. I took another bite and it was another mouth full of bread. I opened up the sandwich and looked...where's all the ingredients...? I feel like they skimped out on the meat and veggies, I only had one jalapeno. I'm not sure if I went on an off day but I'm still willing to give them another try. Also when I come here I like to get their banh cuon. Banh cuon is definitely one of my favorite Vietnamese food and every time I'm around the area I just have to bring an order home! I feel like their banh cuon tends to sell out early in the day, so grab it when it's fresh!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Theo W.', '5', "I love love love love love Huong Lan Sandwiches on Tully road. My experience is always the best when I make small talk with the specific friendly ladies there. They always ask me how I am and remember my face. The main butcher is also awesome because he'll always let me know which parts of the animal taste the best, so I could specifically choose the part. My mouth is watering at the moment I am thinking about the roast pork, specifically the belly portion. #1 in my opinion in all of San Jose quick eats! Besides the meats, the sandwiches are to die for, specifically because of the pate and special egg white butter sauce recipe that Huong Lan provides on all their sandwiches. I usually the special combination and friends have told me it tastes like Pho! Besides the sandwiches and meats, Huong Lan provides traditional Vietnamese dishes and entrees that will cater to anyone's taste buds. Huong Lan Sandwiches is my number one go to! Not for lottery tickets though because gambling is bad but hey, somebody won big time here! Good luck :) 5 stars overall experience but if I could I would take off half a star for the senility from some of the employees and their attitude working there but maybe they feel that way because of other extraneous factors."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thao L.', '4', "Before heading to Huong Lan, make sure you have cash because they don't accept cards. Huong Lan is my favorite place to get my sandwiches. I usually get the BBQ Pork sandwich. Also, I like to get their rice noodle (bánh t)  and pork ham (ch la). The prices here are very reasonable."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Teresa T.', '4', "This is my husband & I's go to place for a quick lunch or dinner. Lots of variety. You can grab a quick bite like a sandwich or some spring rolls or you can have a sit down dinner with a good variety of choices. They have all kinds of pho, bun bo hue, hu tieu, various rice & vermicelli plates & noodles. All are very tasty and reasonably priced. Service isn't top notch but hey, what do you expect from places like this? Not your first date kinda place if you know what I mean. Oh and another plus is all the boba drinks and coffee. If you get it with a sandwich or meal it's only $2!! Can't beat that baby"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vivian L.', '5', "I always come here to get a grilled pork banh mi to go. It only costs $3, so why not?! This is by far the best place you can get a banh mi in San Jose. The grilled pork banh mi tastes so good with the peanut sauce, jalapeños, cilantro, pickled vegetables, and mayonnaise. They usually have your order ready in a couple of minutes. I've also tried the Vietnamese iced coffee here, and it's REALLY strong yet very tasty. I usually get the coffee when I need to make a long drive somewhere. If you need a wake-me-up, definitely get the coffee here. They also have packaged foods here, such as spring rolls, banh cuon, and rice plates. I've tried the spring rolls and the banh cuon, and I recommend both if you need a quick meal. I especially like the banh cuon, but it gets sold out by the time I get there. If you need a quick lunch or craving a banh mi, definitely try this place out! Very authentic. You won't regret it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ronald G.', '4', 'Really good sandwich. So inexpensive you will just not understand. Spicy and tasty BBQ pork sandwich so very good. Which I had time to try all the variations.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Viet N.', '5', "So good! When I come here I always get at least one banh mi and one che bap (this corn dessert with small tapioca balls and coconut milk). The banh mi here is really good because the bread is really fresh and fluffy. I like the bread at Cam Hung more to be honest, but the stuffing here is better. (wish Yelp will allow place tagging, so people here can more easily know about the greatest of Cam Hung). The place is really big with plenty of seating. It's in the heart of Viet town, so expect nothing more than Vietnamese people.  I usually alternate between going to Huong Lan Sandwiches and Cam Hung. That's right, I'm not faithful"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alex N.', '4', "There's only 2 places I go to for banh mi depending on where I am at the moment. This place and Thanh Huong on Capitol near the Great Mall. I get the banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) at both places and I really like the bread here better, but I prefer the actual meat filling more at Thanh Huong. Here the bread is soft, fluffy, chewy and oh-so-good. The filling with the pickled daikons and carrots is slightly sweet, and has a nice crisp, and I like the peanuts as it adds that nutty, salty, crunchy combination. I notice they don't have as much actual pork meat though as Thanh Huong. I personally like a lot of meat in my sandwich so that's why I'm not giving it 5 stars but that's just personal preference. So solid 4 star banh mi place, but If they combined the stuffing of Thanh Huong with the bread of this place, it'd be the perfect 5 star sandwich."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew S.', '5', "OK, this is the best Bahn Mi in the South Bay that I've tried, and there's a lot of Vietnamese places in San Jose.  Super cheap and super real ..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'KK M.', '5', "My favorite go-to place for grilled pork sandwich and avocado shake. CASH ONLY. Their bread is what got me because it doesn't stab my mouth! It's still crunchy but gentle when you chew it. I love the flavor! They add peanuts in my sandwich which is something different. I'm not sure if other sandwiches have it too but they should put a warning for those who has Peanut allergy."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hang N.', '4', "Haven't been here for a while! Foods are always fresh, tasty and super cheap. Specially rice combo is only $4.95 (one side and 2 items, $.50 extra for fish). Way better than Panda Express!! My favorite one are BBQ, Catfish clay-pot, deep fried fish, fried rice, and coconut jelly.  But one thing never changed is about the lady at cashier. Never seen her smile, thank you or any other words than amount I have to pay."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dennis N.', '4', "This place is not in the best part of town, but their food is spot on. If you don't speak their language, you might have some difficulty placing an order. The sandwiches are great. If you are on a diet, you might want to ask them to not put butter in it. Then again, butter makes everything better. Other than sandwiches, they do have other food items such as rice, chicken, duck, and desserts. It is a challenge coming here because it is located very close to the entrance for highway 101. I live about 3 miles from another sandwich shop, but I would much rather travel the additional three to get food from here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tif L.', '4', "As much as I crave Lee's sandwiches, there are times when I want the fat Vietnamese sandwich I grew up on. This place is so cheap ($3.5ish for a sandwich depending on the one you get) and the sandwiches are incredibly filling. I also recommend trying their other foods - spring rolls and shrimp rice cakes."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Daniel N.', '5', "Why haven't I reviewed this place yet?! I've been going to Huong Lan since I was a wee toddler with braces and thick glasses, loved it then, love it now. [Food] Specializes in Vietnamese-French Sandwiches(Typically with Baguette bread). They have a large variety of different types of sandwiches ranging from your standard pork sandwiches to a breakfast sandwiches made with beef and eggs. I will usually try to mix it up a bit, each time just as delicious as the last.  My family also buys their freshly made Baguette bread, cheap and toasty like it should be! They also have a huge selection of take out food, ranging from chicken, fried vegetables, pork stew, and many more. Hot menu is always changing but easily accessible when you need it. I recommend the Banh Mi Thit Nuong (oven cooked beef sandwich)! [Store] A typical Vietnamese sandwich shop with lots of food everywhere you look, not the cleanest and newest layout but decent compared to other similar stores in the bay. Cash only! If you forget to bring cash, there's an ATM inside with a small fee. Good sized parking lot! [Service] Quick and easy ordering system. Just ask for your food, pay, and done! Prices are cheap, can't go wrong with good food with great prices (typical sandwich is around $3) -------------------------------------------- Can't complain, one of the better Vietnamese sandwich shops in San Jose, so far the best one on my list."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cindy K.', '4', "THE place to go for some banh mi if you're in San Jose! But traveling here is a bit crazy. They're still doing construction on the highway and off/on ramps. Gahh and there's just so many cars here. Parking can be difficult. You'll probably end up parking far away, closer to the Lucky 7 or go when there's no rush.  All my fave Viet goodies in one place! Yummy desserts, drinks, and baked goods. We ordered  20 banh mi thit and it only took about 10 minutes to get our order. They got a new TV and recorded voice thingy to call numbers - very convenient for people who can't understand Viet or the Viet accents.  The price is now $2.54 for a sandwich. Why the extra 4 cents? Seems random."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jun A.', '2', "I was craving for some Roasted Duck this morning, so I browsed through Yelp to help me find a place.  I usually go to Kim Tar on Hostetter Rd. for my Roast Duck fix, but they don't open till lunch.  I found this place not only offered Roast Duck but they also open at 5 am!!!   So I arrived at this somewhat rundown plaza off of Tully Rd.  The parking lot was surprisingly busy at 8:30 in the morning.  The store/deli was bustling with customers.  It was a good sign!  There were a lot of items to choose from.  Some looked familiar, and many not so much.  I wasn't feeling too adventurous, so I chose more familiar items.  Got an order of whole Roasted Duck, fried rice, Shrimp Spring Rolls and fried pig ears.  This place only takes cash so be prepared! The duck was ok.  I thought it was not as flavorful as the roast duck that Kim Tar sells.  The duck also seemed to be really fatty or fattier than what I'm accustomed to.  I was not able to taste the Spring Rolls.  My parents ate them all.  So I guess they were good! I'll most likely return and try their other items.  I really like the fact that they open so early in the morning!  That is a major plus!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Manda Bear B.', '4', "************************** 508 ****************************            HUONG LAN is a typical Vietnamese fast food deli as you see in San Jose or Orange County. Huong Lan is a much bigger place with a dining room for diners.           Serving their well-known for BANH' MI` - Vietnamese baguette with pate, ham, cucumber, mayonnaise, cilantro, and chili, very filling for $2.50! You can choose with bbq pork, shredded chicken,            Beside BANH MI, CHA - Vietnamese hams, sweet desserts, roasted duck/chicken, BBQ pork, pastries and plenty of Vietnamese family dishes, very authentic food.          What I love most here is their lemongrass grilled pork as you see in BUN THIT NUONG dishes (rice stick noodle, grilled pork, with veggies, peanut, and fish sauce, $7.50 per lb, delicious to go. You can eat with rice or BUN (rice stick)            Friendly service, definitely cheap and good eats!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'J. S.', '4', 'This sandwich shop is located in one of the jankiest areas of E$$J so try not to let the subtle odor of piss wafting outside this restaurant deter you from paying a visit! The service is quick and the food is cheap & so, SO good. The Thai tea is also excellent!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ashley T.', '4', "Huong Lan Sandwich is my go to place for Vietnamese banh mi (sandwiches). They make delicious pate and pickles for their sandwiches! I also like that their bread isn't too hard like Lee's Sandwiche's baguettes. I don't have to worry about getting my lip cut. I like the banh mi thit nguoi.  Huong Lan doesn't limit itself to just sandwiches, it has a broad variety of Vietnamese food-to-go and beverages. I've had their cafe sua da (Iced coffee with condensed milk). It's stronger than most of the other places I've been to, gotta have it in the morning or else I start getting anxious and jittery. I've also had the coconut jelly inside of the fresh coconut, my favorite coconut jelly! Try it if you like young coconut. You can come here and guarantee that you'll have everything in less than 5 minutes. Perfect place to grab yourself a lunch to go. :D Way better than Lee's Sandwiches."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mindy N.', '5', 'My absolute favorite "fast food" joint.  Since I wanted to eat healthier (away from the usual fast food places) and good food, I hit the jackpot when I found this place.  I\'d say this is better than Lee\'s sandwiches because of the variety of food, even a place to sit that doesn\'t make me feel homeless munching on my banh mi (I don\'t like to eat in my car).  My favorites: Obviously, banh mi, especially the bbq chicken Rice dishes (again chicken) Fish cakes (sold at the counter) Quick, cheap, and..............YUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny N.', '4', "My go-to banh mi place! The sandwiches are cheap and delicious! I never get tired of banh mi! Their banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork sandwich) is probably one of the best I've had. It's different because they add peanuts, which is a nice spin on it! Super yummy! Their banh mi cha and pate (steamed pork roll and pate sandwich) is a go-to for me and my boyfriend, light butter (it's french butter, not regular butter) and add cucumbers! If you want a good Vietnamese banh mi, come here! They also carry a lot of other Vietnamese foods and desserts, check it all out, Their spring rolls are pretty good and they have good dessert drinks. CASH ONLY!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Marian P.', '5', "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! I get the $3 banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich) here all the time and they also have other great to do foods for a busy college student like myself. The cashier ladies are always so sweet and start chatting me up in Vietnamese sometimes and they're just so nice. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants good food without breaking their wallet.  Good food+good service+cheap prices? Why the hell aren't you on your way there yet to grab some food?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy G.', '5', "Best togo vietnamese coffee! Every time i go on family trips, my cousins must stop here to grab a Vietnamese coffee for the long car ride ahead. I've made it a habit myself. The food is also delicious and inexpensive."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Col C.', '4', "Delicious $3 banh mi. I chose the #7 grilled pork per all the Yelp recommendation. I agree with some that the banh mi is bread-y. Compared to some other places that load it up with meat and veg, the bread-to-stuff ratio at Huong Lan is a little high. The bread is fresh, crispy, and delicious, but I would have liked a better balance. Either thinner/smaller bread or more meat/stuff.  Towards the end you can really taste the sauce (not sure if it's the butter-mayo or a clear sauce that I couldn't see), which gives an amazing, complex aftertaste when combined with the pickled radish and the meat. Would have liked it more if they put in more sauce, so the taste kicks in on the first bite, not when 70% done. Would have liked to try their ready-made stuff. Looked really good."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sara V.', '4', 'Inexpensive, tasty sandwiches! Next time I want to try the fresh sugar cane juice!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Katrina T.', '5', 'Cheap. Vietnamese. Sandwiches.  Came here with my girlfriend on our trip to SJ. Craved viet sandwiches so decided to come here. I had been here in the past when I was younger with my parents, but at that age I just ate whatever. I didn\'t eat for taste and quality like I do now.  The place is really spacious inside. Lots of room for dining and lots of room for their daily cooked goodies. They have cheap stuff for "on the go" meals like rice plates or Spring Rolls.  I got the Banh Mi Xa Xiu (barbecue pork sandwich). This one is my favorite option and it was less than $3!!! Better than getting a meal on the dollar menu at McDonalds. Seriously. It\'s cheap and filling and the quality is better than other vietnamese sandwich places. The meat is not of the BEST quality but it is better than what is served in other places. I like their French baguette! I hate the ones that are not only crumbly but are super hard as well. This one was fresh.  I probably can eat 2 sandwiches at one time because they are THAT good....AND there are lots of sandwich options! TOO GOOD.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michelle T.', '4', "Sandwiches here beat Lee's depressing Sandwiches any day. If someone disagrees with you, you should go buy a sandwich from both places and compare. There will be huge differences: amount of filling and bread Service:  Not really much to say, the ladies are super nice. Your typical Asian service.  Food: This place sells a variety of vietnamese food that is fresh/made the day of that is great for breakfast and lunch. The portions are always generous especially for sandwiches at the base price $3. Although they are shorter than the Lee's sandwiches, they have a lot more meat and vegetable filling stuffed inside (they don't skimp!) and are a lot more flavorful. Not to mention the bread; has a crispiness to it, which is a super plus!  They don't have a lot of glamour, but food is consistently delicious. Sometimes I even get the the occasional craving for their #1 Cold Cut sandwich."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thomas C.', '5', "100% about their sandwiches.  We picked up 5 of their grilled pork sandwiches on our way to hike.  A couple hours later and these were still delicious.  I'll be back and have a new must have when I'm already in the neighborhood getting Purple Kow."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ss S.', '4', "Shredded Chicken sandwich - filling, bread is freshly baked. They put just a good amount of fillings and are not cheap w/ the meat.  Deep fried fish cake - It was tasty and much better cooked than other fish cake sandwiches (lee's sandwich). The -1 star is that I think my friend found a finger nail in the sandwich. EWE! Looked at it, but still not sure if it was a nail or something else. It sure didn't look like daikon, carrots or part of the fish cake. My friend was not willing to try to bite into the finger nail look-alike. YUCK!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chris L.', '5', "The best Vietnamese sandwiches in the area. Cash only. My routine: sua dau nanh (soy milk), banh mi thit nguoi and the pre-made goi cuon (summer rolls). You probably won't find a more satisfying meal for the price. The banh mi thit nguoi (ham, headcheese, pate) is legit. The pate is key. Not too many places have the pate, which is an unpardonable sin. Other sandwiches like the banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) and banh mi cha lua (steamed pork) are just as good. Again: Cash only. But you won't need much since everything is so affordable (despite the recent price hike)."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chandra S.', '5', 'Wait - I havent written a review for this yet? Thats just nuts, because these Bahn Mi sandwiches are one of the best things I have ever (*EVER*) eaten! The bread is super fresh and crispy and there are a lot of different types to choose from. The reason I dont know which they are is because I always go for the number 7 - I think it is the grilled pork but honestly if it had a flying unicorn on it I would be ok with it too, because damn it is good. Tender flavourful meat, crunchy nuts and fresh veggies...aaaahhhhh and then there is this funky sauce that they put on there that tops it all off. Very good. The sandwiches are also super cheap $3-ish.  I have actually also tried some of the other foods here. The premade spring rolls are ok and the quails are ...hmmm...too bony for me (they werent as succulent as I know quail can be) . Just remember - cash only!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Frank D.', '3', 'It was OK.  Bread was super hard.  Not enough veggies and meat.  Recommend the shredded chicken.  The grilled pork was alright.  What would be nice is if they would label the sandwiches if you were to order multiple ones.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vivian C.', '5', 'Pretty far from where I live, but I would go the distance for good food.  This is my most favorite Vietnamese Sandwhich place ever and I love  how cheap it is!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy O.', '4', "Pretty good banh mi. I ordered the #5 which is BBQ Pork. There is a good amount of veggies and pretty thick bread. The sandwiches are all $2.75, but I think I'd like to have more meat and veggies. The do put a mayo/sauce. Some banh mi places don't have that, but with the thicker bread, it makes sense. It was pretty good. I ate it in my car and got bread all over myself!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Farrah N.', '5', "My favorite Bahn Mi sandwich shop hands down. The bread is excellent and they offer fish cake sandwiches here. My personal favorite is the combo. Their pate is excellent :)  I also come from the mung bean jelly cakes (shaped in hearts, so cute) and their Vietnamese Ice Coffee is perfect on a slow hot summer day. Also on my favorites are the Vietnamese Pork buns and the Goi Cuons :) Come here if you can. It's a little far from me but I still make the effort to grab goodies for the whole fam and me. :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer U.', '4', "It's hard to find a good Vietnamese sandwich anymore. But I found it thanks to yelp! I always hit this place up when I am down in SJ!!! It's also great that they have other yummy Asian desserts!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angeline H.', '5', "Best place to order shredded chicken/pork sandwiches. My grandma has been coming here for years and I now come here whenever I need to get some food on the go. Cash only and the service is really quick. I order the sandwiches and get a pennyworth drink (dark green grassy drink) in the fridge next to the soy milk. Its delicious, fresh, and rejuvinating! Don't be afraid to try it!  Also, always ask for PATE! it's a really good spread and you wont be disappointed."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ashley C.', '4', "A lot of appetizers, a lot of desserts, a lot of drinks, all got me excited.  I bought one of each and they're all colorful. I enjoy just looking at them, but i haven't tried them yet (hopefully they taste good). They also sell my favorite taro filled toasts (it's real taro inside! but 210 calories per piece).  Since the stuff are so colorful, I'm afraid they put a lot of processing coloring in it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'daniel l.', '1', "I came here and ordered two sandwiches and they only gave me one.  I didn't notice until I got back in to my car, so I walked back in and asked for my other sandwich.  The lady behind the counter basically called me a liar and said I should have said something before I walked out and refused to give me the other sandwich I paid for.  The lack of respect for their customers is unacceptable."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tim Y.', '4', 'Great Grilled Pork Vietnamese Sandwich here. $2.50 is a deal! Pretty generous on portions and the pickled veggies. You place your order then wait for your number to be called by the electronic voice. They have roast pork/quail, and bbq pork...haven\'t had the chance to try those yet...but once I do, I\'ll update this review. After coming here and Thanh Huong for Banh Mi I can\'t go back to Lee\'s ever again. However, I would definitely pass on their "suong sa hat luu" drink in the fridge. For $1.50 I thought I\'d give it a try. It has a strange chemically taste to it...not sure if it\'s their jelly mix or the cup but it wasn\'t pleasant. It\'s located in the same plaza as CVS and Lucky 7 Markets..which is diagonal from Pho Hoa.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joanne Y.', '5', "Sandwiches were awesome!! My boyfriend and I got #2 #5 and #7. We rotated every bite cause it was just that good! Wish it wasn't located in a area where there is a lot of traffic every single minute of the day."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cuazzy N.', '5', "My favorite place for a quick Vietnamese food fix. Every time I'm in the area, I'll pick up a few spring rolls, banh uot, and a few other appetizers to take home. Clean place and friendly staff."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Drake L.', '5', 'Place has great Vietnamese sandwiches!  I love the crunchy French bread with the soft delicate bread inside.  We also like Saigon Sandwich shop on Larkin in SF, but this place just has better bread and more choices.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tam P.', '5', 'Just like from previous reviews, the banh mi here was great. I like variety of food they have, from rice, rice noodles, rice pancakes, different popular salads and good selection of sweets for dessert. I was able to haul several banh mi back to the east coast and they stayed fresh and tasty.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dilys Y.', '4', 'Awesome vietnamese sandwiches! The bread is perfectly toasted and crispy. Delicious pate. The head cheese was so good!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'George P.', '4', "Keyword: Pretty amazing Viet Sandwich  A few Viet friends of mine had suggested this place and it did not disappoint. To be honest, I don't know that much about viet sandwiches in particular, but i do love and appreciate a well made sandwich in general. This being one of them."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stephanie L.', '4', 'Top quality banh mi sandwiches in the Bay! Meaty and good quality pork (no fatty cuts here) in soft, crusty and fluffy bread! This sandwich was huge and definitely worth $2.75. Located in a large shopping center, Huong Lan offers a huge selection of Vietnamese goods outside of the typical banh mi. Over our visit, we saw a roast duck and char siu station, a hot plates section, freshly made soy milk and quick to go dishes like: goi cuon, ban cuon, banh beo--pretty much everything your little Vietnamese hearts desire. Definitely a favorite banh mi shop in San Jose!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Grace N.', '5', 'DELICIOUS!!! I wish I lived closer so I can go there whenever I wanted.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Duet B.', '4', "Love the sandwiches here, very flavorful, would be awesome if they could make it more meaty......maybe I'm a carnivore :)) Don't forget to bring the cash, ATM card not accepted."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Julie L.', '4', 'They look just like any other sandwich place w/ tons of prepackaged items for sale. Love love love their Nem, Cha Lua and Cha Hue. The texture is smoother than the other spots around SJ.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vince E.', '3', 'The sandwiches at Huong Lan are very good, especially for the price. All of their Banh mi are only about 2.50,  and made fresh to order.  I tried the Grilled pork and in it were freshly grilled onions and  peanuts and grilled onions.  To go, I tried the #1 Ham with pâté and head cheese Both were good, but I felt the meat to bread ratio fell a bit low. As a result, the sandwiches tended to be slightly dry.  I would come back based on value and price, but on pure taste, there may be better, particularly in that part of San Jose']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alvin L.', '5', "Huong Lan, my favorite default place to go to pick up a quick fix of Vietnamese sandwiches. They've set the standard for my Banh Mi experience when it comes to flavor, service, and price.  For only $3 you can pretty much order any sandwich. I usually get the Thit Nuong or Xa Xiu. Who care's about $5 dollar foot long, you can have 16 inches for $6 dollars?! =P If you aren't having your sandwich right away, you can even ask for the greens to packed separately so your bread doesn't get all soggy. They offer a variety of other foods and desserts there as well, whether it be a quick hot lunch or prepackaged meals, they have it all."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kelly W.', '4', "For $3, this is a really good sandwich, and extra meat is only 50 cents! I got the grilled pork because that seems to be the Yelp favorite. It wasn't over-chewy like some banh mi I've had in the past. Flavor was solid. Friend got the combination sandwich, which is the first option. That one was really good too. Ambience is nothing special. There are some tables, and the TV was playing a low budget Viet drama when we were there.  They also have tons of snacks and pastries. I got the packaged dried squid snack, which was really pricy for some reason ($2 for like 10 flat pieces of dried squid?) but they tasted good. Spicy and savory. The pieces stuck together though, which makes me wonder how long the packaged snacks have been around."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kate S.', '5', "Coming from SoCal, My banh mi expectations were pretty low.  However, this place has really set the bar for me. I always make it a point to get my sandwiches from here, and only here, when I'm in the area.  The sandwiches are always fresh, bread is soft no matter what time of day you come, and all this coincides with the crowd of loyal customers."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Peggy L.', '4', 'This is our favorite Vietnamese sandwich joint. The bbq pork is fragrant and the shredded chicken is yummy.  My only complaint is that they always put mayonnaise on my sandwiches even when I ask them not to.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eileen E.', '4', "Yum! I loved Huong Lan. It's located in a shopping plaza so parking is a cinch. The restaurant is also nothing fancy. It's probably more of a grab and go place, but there are a couple of tables and chairs. Huong Lan also sells a lot more than just buns and banh mi. They have peking duck, sticky rice cakes, and jelly and tapioca desserts / drinks.  My friend and I split the grilled pork and the grilled chicken banh mi. I believe both were around $3. The baguette is excellent - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. I slightly preferred the grilled pork banh mi because I feel like it had more complex textures and flavors. The mix of condiments that they put on the sandwich was also fantastic - the mayo spread was delicious, the pickled carrots and daikon were crisp, delicious cilantro and jalapeno, and the grilled pork banh mi even had crushed peanuts which really brought the sandwich to the next level. I have never had crushed peanuts on my banh mi before, but it is an amazing addition. We also split a pork, egg, and sausage bun which was huge. The bun itself had the perfect texture and flavor. They had just put out some fresh ones and so of course we had to try one.  I highly, highly recommend Huong Lan. This is definitely one of the better banh mi places out there!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tony H.', '5', "A few years ago I put myself on a low carb diet. Luckily for me, I'm not on that diet anymore. But I regress...  Huong Lan has really good fresh sandwiches. The bread is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The pickled veggies is a good enhancement to the meat, and that's the reason I always ask for extra.  I would come here more, but I don't like having to pass the homeless people that hang out by the door. I don't park in front of the place because Vietnamese people will double park and trap you in. And the traffic getting to and from this place can get pretty congested, even during non-rush hours."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'H I.', '5', 'I have been going here for as long as I can remember. Definitely the best one out of all of the other locations because of the freshness of the desserts. I usually get anything from banh cuon to banh bo nuong. What makes this place shine is their roasted pork! The skin is crispy and the meat is so tender.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ghia G.', '5', "Delicious sandwiches at a very affordable price! This place has ruined me for all other banh mi places, but it's so far away from SF that I have to manage. Cheap enough so you can experiment and try out some sandwiches you may not necessarily think you'd like. Also, they are huge and there's more than enough to share. For those of you in the Peninsula, this place is like the Little Lucca's of Banh Mi. Boyfriend and I both said we'd consider moving to SJ and finding jobs in the area just to be closer to this place. That's not going to happen anytime soon, so for now, if we're ever in the SJ area, the first have to go to place would not be Boiling Crab, but here. There's also a random disco ball in the seating area.. no comment. Bathroom is kind of messy, but you're not coming here to use the bathroom anyway."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hubert H.', '2', 'Definitely contains MSG, had a reaction headache within a couple hours.  It was okay, good snack if you have no objections to MSG, but not good if you have sensitivity.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Myann T.', '5', "This place takes me back to my childhood. Everything is made fresh daily and gives off this family vibe that you can't get at Lees Sandwiches. Definitely a place I recommend  to check out your everyday Vietnamese craving"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joe G.', '4', 'Quite delicious and the price is so low they are practically giving food away for free.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nate L.', '4', 'Been coming to this place for years! The three old ladies who works the "Boba" counter probably have been here since the turn of the centuries.  They just look young.   If you come here, get their avocado shakes. They used a whole avocado, and they are very generous with their "boba." Their durian is also a good one to get. They also have a good selection of packaged ready food so you don\'t have to mess with cooking dinner.  Prices are reasonable and probably cheaper if you went out, bought the recipes and cooked it yourself.  Their roast duck is not bad but the one near Lions Market has a better recipe.  I will say though that their grilled bbq pork is very good and grilled fresh about 4x a day. Don\'t for get to buy your LOTTO here, you never know, you could be the next millionaire.  Just don\'t spend it all in one place.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Moiz A.', '4', "This is a pretty good sandwich spot! I've had the bbq chicken banh mi and it was good! The meat was a bit too sweet for my tastes, however. The bread was good: fresh, but still crusty. The meat to pickled veg ratio was also excellent, making the sandwich not feel heavy at all. I highly recommend getting the iced coffee to go with your sandwich! This place also has a ton of other things, like Chinese style BBQ over the counter (duck, chicken, pig), and a lot of prepackaged meals and snacks. Also, check out the cold drinks and desserts in the fridges! Definitely check this place out!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amano T.', '3', "I got the fried fish sandwich for around 3.75 if my memory serve me right. The sandwich was ok, the pickle veggie was small amount and wasn't marinated long enough for more taste. I got the Bi Cong too for $4, Pork meat and crunchy skin roll decent taste but not the best I had elsewhere. Idk why this place get 4-5 star. It is standard to me. Not as good as back in the days when I was a kid. Phat thi On story road have better value for $1 more you get 2 sandwich and fresh more marinated veggie and pepper on the sandwich or on the side. Ps. Cash only."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Clarissa L.', '4', "I am no expert when it comes to Vietnamese sandwiches, but of the few I've had this is DEFINITELY my favorite place. I don't even know how to pronounce the name, I just always say the place in the same parking lot as Lucky 7 next to the bakery.  Of the ones I've tried, the BBQ pork is my favorite! Buying for many people is also convenient. The staff make sure to wrap the sandwich in different colored rubber bands so the customer can distinguish different ones. They are also very fast, even when it's crowded! Prices are awesome, they just recently changed them to reflect the price with tax. Still can't complain about a $3 bahn mi! Just can't forget its CASH ONLY!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John S.', '3', "Very inexpensive sandwiches but I've had better banh mi in other cities. Also, they didn't have any beef sandwiches which I'm really a fan of.  Still a really decent meal for the price. The inside feels more like a store than a place to eat so I took my food to go. Service was quick, friendly and painless."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Pete N.', '5', 'I have been to Vietnam and had many Vietnamese sandwiches and this place is the closest I can get to the authentic taste of a real Vietnamese sandwich. I have been here many times and I like that the choices are all Vietnamese related and no ham and cheese sandwich shop. Here are a couple easy tips on ordering: 1. The most authentic Vietnamese sandwich is the number 1, pate included. 2. If you are weary of eating a Vietnamese sandwich, stick with the shredded chicken sandwich or the most popular one, the BBQ pork sandwich. 3. Be careful of the jalapenos in the sandwich, there is a slight kick in the mouth.  4. It is more than a sandwich shop here, there is also great Vietnamese fast food here. 5. I f you come after 8pm, closes at 9pm, you can get close to half off on all the to go prepared food items.  Enjoy.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thao T.', '4', "i hadn't been here in years because the last time i ate here i wasn't all that impressed. not sure if it was because i went to an entirely different location or if i was just extremely hungry this time around, but i was certainly pleased. ordered the combination banh mi dac biet and it may have been the best banh mi i've had in ages. i never order anything fancy and i sure as hell don't like the fusion vietnamese sandwiches being served all over san francisco. i'm all about the traditional banh mi with pork, vietnamese ham and pate. just give it to me the way it comes please. the baguette itself was OK.  lunch was good. ate it in my car and got it ALL over myself. i'll be back at this location but not so sure about the others."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Matthew S.', '4', "Had the #1 (Ham, headcheese and pate) and #4 (BBQ Chicken) Bread was exactly what one desires with a good Banh Mi. Ingredients in both sandwiches were fresh and plentiful.  This certainly is one of the best Banh Mi I've had in a long time. The restaurant itself is certainly an experience.  Lots of random Vietnamese good on sales; picked up several that are family favorites and they were all decent."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Fiona C.', '5', 'This is one of my favorite place to buy Vietnamese food.  I love the gio and soy chicken here.  The service is very good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy H.', '2', "Bahn Mi: I don't know what Yelp sees in this place. Do they have to toast the bread?!! Its so frickin HARD and crunchy. Uggghhh. Who eats stale hard bread?! What a mess...crumbs everywhere. Mostly ate the meat & veggie fillings. Did not want to eat hard bread. Smh. I'm so disappointed in the reviews. Please tell me, what I need to do to get a good bread sandwich. Sorry guys. Had better. Eating the sandwich here made me miss Bahn Mi Ba Le in Oakland. You have to try their sandwiches there! For San Jose, I'm sticking to Lee's sandwiches just because their bread is softer there. However, the knick knacks & drinks here are good and cheap."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Peter K.', '5', "Huong Lan Sandwich - The REAL VIETNAMESE Sandwish Store.  Well I never been to Vietnam so I can't tell you how close their sandwiches is compare to the real deal.  But all I can say is that they sell the best sandwiches ever, I have not come across any sandwich stores that is as good as this one.  I have not find any Vietnamese sandwiches that is close to it.   I remember in high school like 10years ago, me and my friends used to come here for their sandwiches when they were only $1 each.  I live in OC now, but whenever I go to San Jose I still drop by this place for a sandwich and buy some to go and try to bring some back down to OC.  But for some reasons the sandwiches never make it out of the highway 5, I can't seem to resist the sandwiches with the smell in my car.   Even at the price of $2.50 it is still well worth it.  If you never been here, for sure come check it out."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Larry J.', '5', "I stayed at a hotel not a block away from this place and have been a regular customer every day. The $2.75 sandwich ( I call them shorti hoagies) cannot be beat! Very tasty and cheap and prepared quickly. There is a clever alert when your sandwich is ready...An automated announcement with a video listing on a wide screen monitor. They also serve Vietnamese dishes  both pre-made and cooked to order. Other than the sandwiches, one can get roasted chicken or duck. One night I had half a duck. It was cut up on a large , round butcher block with a butcher block knife right in front of me. Nice. The place also offers seating to eat, various drinks including some beer and a  lottery ticket vending machine. Overall for the price , this can't be beat. The food is good and worth it for me to frequent. Oh...they only take cash."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dan Z.', '5', 'Awesome sandwiches for a great price. The bread was as fresh as the rest of the ingredients inside. I recommend getting the grilled pork, double meat.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kimberly D.', '4', "Love it! Better than Lee's sandwich! When I want a sandwich, I always come here. It's really good. There are also other kinds of options too!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Robin H.', '4', 'The BAGUETTE: Grab-n-go spot with a huge menu of affordable Vietnamese sandwiches, roast meats, thick rice noodle plates, boba/tapioca milk teas, smoothies, blended drinks, and "che" (Vietnamese sweet beverages/dessert soup). The SLOW SIPPER: The taro smoothie works for me. This thick and icy drink goes down nice n\' easy, keeping you cool during those sizzling San Jose summers.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Carol L.', '4', 'Being Vietnamese, I often get asked recommendations for my favorite places to get pho, bun bo hue, banh mi etc.  For banh mi in the Bay Area, I like Huong Lan.  Hearty servings of ingredients, fresh items, tasty sauces, and decent bread.  The only places I like better are in the Vietnamese capitol of the United States: Orange County!  Just wish it was in a more convenient location for me to grab more often! TLDR: Favorite Vietnamese sandwiches in the Bay Area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kim N.', '4', "Maybe one of the quintessential places for Banh Mi and whole roast pig. It's been a Vietnamese staple for as long as anyone can remember. They sell the roast pigs in a few sizes and for our company we got a decent sized one with a ton of Banh Mi. The layout is a bit confusing as it's a partial grocer with prepared foods as well. Probably best if you're with someone that speaks the language. Food quality in the end however speaks for itself. 4.3 stars"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bao T.', '1', 'Some time ago, I went to this restaurant every day and shop for food since this is the closest fast food restaurant to my home. At that time, I almost bought a sandwich every day, and that time the cashier lady when she was giving the sandwich to me, she put it way back in the table. So far that I had to bend my whole body in order to reach to it. I knew that it was intentional (because it has never happened like that before), but I didn\'t know why. I don\'t know what kind of attitude that was. So evil!  Another time, when I was leaving the restaurant, Tâm (the owner, the lady with the pair of glasses, and who usually does cashier in the afternoon) was kind of like standing there waiting for me close to the door, and went I walked out, she "slapped" really hard on the food table there. Again, I didn\'t know why and it was unbelievable. Talking about evil! I was nice to them. A couple of times, I bought some spring rolls, and they were spoiled. I had to throw them away. But I did not complain at all. And yet that was what they did to me. If they attack me more explicitly, I think a lawyer or the Department of Consumer Affairs would be able to help!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sandy T.', '5', "It's CHEAP. It's DELICIOUS. Plus they have a dining area! The sandwiches are only $2.50 (but I think it's $2.29 as stated on the receipt). I remember this price from a long time ago back in SF. Now the cheapest Vietnamese sandwich in SF is $3.25, and it's small.  The sammiches here are pretty big compared to what I was used to. It's like a never ending sammich.. well of course it will eventually end, but I felt like it was never going to end! It's crisp, delicious, adds a kick because of the jalopenos, and big! YUM! I know this place is known for their sandwiches, but they have some bombass desserts and snacks.  HOLY GOD the chili mango is a must try. Let me remind you that I hate spicy food. The mango is hard, unripened, and it's spicy, but not super spicy. Mainly, it's the vinegar that kicks in. This food makes me sweat, both from my forehead and my tongue! Just thinking about this makes my tongue sweat with saliva. Gosh is this even normal?? I LOVE IT. The grilled chicken + bell pepper on the skewers (2) are sweet. I didn't really like it, but my boyfriend did. *Shrugs* hit or miss I guess.  Now moving on to the dessert.. They have the typical Vietnamese dessert, but there's one that stands out. It comes with lychee, jack fruit, longan and other goodies. This is better than the original one! 5 stars. Must go place in SJ!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jesse J.', '2', 'I\'d give this place 1 star, but the sandwiches are pretty good. Not as good as Bahn Mi Ba Le in oakland, but still good. I really like the proportions of the heat from the peppers and the sweetness from the mayo. That\'s the extent of the "good part" of this review. On to the ranting... Now, I do not need or expect to be treated like a "customer"(you know, fake smiles and over the top optimism like WFM for instance), and in fact hate it. I do however expect some sort of mutual respect/humanity. I don\'t care how good the food is, if I feel unwelcome, chances are I won\'t be so inclined to return. I place more value on positive human interaction than a marginally better sandwich. To sum up my experience, let\'s just say the cashier was a tad curt and somewhat hostile.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sarah P.', '3', "Decent banh mi. I do wish it came with a bit more meat but I can't complain because I enjoy the quality of their bread. Also tried their other little food trays and they're fairly fresh and refilled throughout the day. There plenty of indoor seating. It's located next to where the viet bus drops you off so ifs good for picking up extra snacks for the road!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Elsvette B.', '5', "I was introduced to this place way prior to the conception of Yelp. I have been a patron for a long time and really haven't diverted much from my usual order, which is a number one. The number one is a cured ham banh mi, which is their traditional offering. It comes as a hot toasted French loaf sandwich that has cured ham, mayo, liver pate, pickled veggies, cilantro, and peppers.  I don't like peppers, but rather than trying to explain it to the cashier (who usually does not speak English very well), I just pick them off. This is to avoid trying to explain it to them but not having them understand. It's not a biggie though, I don't expect much customer service at places like this. They deliver what I need, efficient service, good food, and amazing prices. I can order a sandwich and a drink for less than $5. These sandwiches are often more than filling! The sandwich is amazing. The bread has a nice crunch but still soft in the middle. The meat is flavorful and the fillings contrast each other in a good way. The saltiness of the liver pate, the creaminess of the mayo, the acidity of the pickled veggies, and the freshness of the cilantro work so well together. I cannot explain how it works so harmoniously, but it just does. TRY IT!  I recently ventured into trying their spring rolls and some shredded pork that looked like carpet thanks to this one guy who often schools me on Asian cuisine. Damn him! :) I really liked the spring rolls! The shredded pork had a weird texture at first but after chewing it after a while it begin to taste like jerky. It was a nice salty snack.  After eating a banh mi, American sandwiches can't compete. I hate driving to this side of town, but it's worth it to me!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kimberly L.', '4', "The banh mi #1 is so good. I asked for extra pate. Yum!!! Spring rolls were average. Can't compare to Brodard since we just had it their. cafe sua da was good. banh bot loc was good. Pork bun with egg looked great, but didn't taste it yet.  Definitely will come back for the banh mi!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Erin H.', '4', '"A good baguette is what makes a good banh mi", a wise Vietnamese friend once told me. The banh mi sandwiches at Huong Lan are spot on. The baguettes were simply one of the best I\'ve had. Light and crispy on the outside, every bite was delish. My BBQ chicken (sans mayo) sandwich had a good ratio of veggies (jalapenos, cilantro, onions, etc.) and meat. Everything was harmonized and I was a happy girl throughout the whole day. Speaking of ratio, I also had a green tea lychee boba drink along with my banh mi and felt there was too much stuff going on. There was too much ice, lychee, and boba in the cup that it didn\'t have much liquid in it. Few sips, the drink was almost gone. Definitely recommend for those that are short on cash ($2.75! Can\'t beat that!). You will never go to Subway again.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ian F.', '5', "I'm glad they are back in business. I only get 2 things here so this review is based fully on  a) the #1 sandwich w/ headcheese, pate, jalapenos and whatever not on a toasted and b) banh bao(large bun filled with pork, hard-boiled egg and sausage).  So If you are craving either, you will NOT be disappointed. At very affordable prices too I might add!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jen D.', '4', "My go to place for cheap food and a quick bite to eat.  Their sandwiches are very good compared to other local sandwich joints.  My favorite sandwich is the banh mi ga cha bong with extra chili.  Vietnamese sandwiches here are the best I've had and just for $3, you can't complain! If you're not getting sandwiches, they have a variety of different things to get such as spring rolls, egg rolls, banh bao, etc.  The Vietnamese coffee here is pretty legit too and can keep you up when you're tired."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nina M.', '5', "The best place for banh mi!!! My favorite and I couldn't find one anywhere else is the vegetable sandwich.  It is soooooo yummy!!! if you are vegeterian you have got to try it.  Not only their banh mi are delicious but their homemade vietnamese dishes are just as good.  I work over the weekend so I do not have time to make myself lunch so I would stop by here to get a combo box from them.  They basically make the normal dishes that your mom would make at home and it is just as good.   I love it, that they have much more variety of other premade stuff than Lee Sandwiches.  They are really busy during lunch hours so avoid that if you can."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Navy C.', '5', "I love banh mi's! And I love them more from Huong Lan! It's just something about the way they toast their perfect crunchy loaf and slab all that pate on there, and nicely stack the meat or other goodness in there.  Number 1, FTW. Oh, and the vicinity is a little strange because they have a huge ass chandelier right when you walk in, and another one where u can sit and eat. It's a big place tho, and they arranged things nicely.  They're springrolls are also fresh and tastey.  And their banh bot loc la, you know... the one wrapped in banana leafs and its really chewy w/ meat & shrimp inside; anyway, I love that too."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mary N.', '4', '$3 for a Vietnamese sandwich.  They also have a plethora of other Vietnamese to-go items, che dessert in the fridge, and pretty good pate in the freezer!   The ladies being the cash register are also super sweet.  They taught me how to unfreeze my pate lol.   Pricing and bread are just okay, but so far this is the best banh mi sandwich place that I have found thus far.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Basilio A.', '4', "Their bahn mi (and selection) is outstanding. The sandwich makers know the perfect ratios to deliver delicious sandwiches. There's a large selection of other items that varies in quality level. The shrimp spring rolls are better elsewhere (as are the pork buns) but the steamed pork rolls used for cooking your own delectable treats are quite good and delicately seasoned. Lots of items here to choose from and most of them are terrific. Don't go there hungry or you may spazz out like me and order way too much - and EAT IT ANYWAY. Glad no one threw a quarter at my belly as it would have bounced off and broken a plate glass window. Such treatage. So yummy. Much goodness."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lynette C.', '5', 'I have tried the rice plates and egg rolls as well as their sandwiches and spring rolls. No complaints the food is cheap and yummy!!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Athena L.', '5', "Love this place!! I come here every time I'm in San Jose to pick up some fresh cha (fancy pork) and bi..(shredded pork and pork skins), and banh hoi (the tiny bundles of vermicelli) and I recently tried the banh mi here and it was delicious as well! I let my parents try some and they approve! I also noticed they have several locations... too bad there's none in SF!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Koshi I.', '4', "Delicious Balanced Authentic Huong Lan delivers an above average quality banh mi at average prices.   Compared to other sandwich restaurants, the banh mi here seem fresher with better quality meats and veggies.  The sandwiches are well balanced between spreads, meats, and veggies so that the aromatic flavors and spices blend subtly together into that familiar banh mi taste.   Nothing fancy.  No frills. No surprises.  Just a dang good banh mi and acceptable ca phe.  Of the standard banh mi shops, Huong Lan should be in the top three for all of South Bay.   Why am I not a regular here?  I prefer my bread to have a softer exterior than Houng Lan's does.  The edges of my mouth get a bit tender after eating here.  I reserved my five star banh mi review for a shop with softer bread called Phat Tri (say it like fat gee). ;)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jay Ar D.', '5', "Came here and picked up some kind of rolls with meat inside, banh bot loc, banh it, and the #1 sandwich. 4* for the banh it, banh bot loc, & sauce for the rolls. 3* for the actual rolls and the sandwich (it just didn't do it for me; not sure why... maybe it could have used more mayo and a diff type of pate. I would also recommend double meat if they offer it) However, I see that people love the sandwiches here. I think I'll have to come back and try some of the other ones"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jose M.', '4', "Best Vietnamese sandwiches I've had by far. They also sell a bunch of viet snacks and treats. They were kind of rude when I was asking what things were. But then again you dont come to a place like this expecting good customer service lol"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Briana H.', '4', "Just had Huong Lan Sandwich! It's definitely a cheap eats joint in San Jose! YES YES YES YES YES!!! $2.50 =] love it love it love it!!  I ordered the bbq pork sandwich. All sandwiches include mayonnaise, pickles, jalapenos, and cilantro! =] We opted for no jalapenos.  Improvements can be made -- bread. positives-- sliced pickles give it a tasty touch! Great place, very authentic! Highly recommend!=]"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kay L.', '5', "This is like the best authentic Vietnamese sandwich place! I always come here whenever I crave a really good sandwich unlike some other faux Vietnamese places *cough* Lees *coughs*  The ladies here don't speak English too well but this place has that voice monitor that calls out your order number so its easier to know when your order is ready. I always get the special combination (Banh Mi Thit Special).  Definitely recommend this place for everyone who wants the real thang instead of some Americanized version of Vietnamese Sandwiches/food!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Susan L.', '4', 'Good place to get a quick bite to eat. The banh mi xa Xiu was delish! But the mocha was just a little too thick, not recommended.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Danielle T.', '5', 'This is my favorite place to get Vietnamese sandwiches. Their desserts and BBQ are all amazing. I have never had anything outdated or questionable from them. The quality and taste are both definitely there.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Melisa R.', '5', "Best bahn mi spot in the South Bay.  Guaranteed fresh, tasty and great on the wallet quick meal.  Just like any good-eats-hole-in-the-wall it's in a sketchy parking lot but there's lots of spaces since you're in and out anyway.  So lucky to have Huong Lan in my hood."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hen A.', '5', 'a drive deep south to tully...for good vietnamese...a huong lan sandwich...all $two.seventy.five and no tax...similar to a food court...prepackaged spring rolls and noodles...pay and order at the counter...tables and seating plenty...an order of the #7 grilled pork and the #1 headcheese sandwich $five.fifty total...three minutes of waiting...paper wrapped and rubber band holding...a plastic bag of sandwiches and a smile...julienned carrots pickled with a hint of sweetness...fresh onions, cilantro or mild jalapenos...layer of meat between a thick crusty baguette...sweeter grilled pork liking more..a great filling sandwich exactly $two.seventy-five total!...']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Earl G.', '5', "One of the better Vietnamese sandwich shops in the San Jose area, well actually in the whole bay area since they aren't that many Viet sandwich shops in SF and on in the peninsula.  Very friendly mom and pop style sandwich shop and they have a gigantic picture menu just in case. Try the #2 $2 sandwich which is a pork type of hotdog spam meat that's pureed and steamed in a banana leaf. The vegetables that accompany the sandwich are really fresh and totally make the sandwich. The  There are also freshly made Vietnamese spring rolls and desserts that come prepackaged that look really tasty. They also offer fresh squeezed juices as an option to a pearl drink."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vy B.', '2', 'The food looked really good but tasted OK. I tried the cold cut banh mi and the Saigon bacon banh mi. The pate they used was pretty tasty but other than that I feel like they could have been better. I also had the tri color dessert (Che 3 mau) and it was pretty much a can of red beans mixed with coconut milk and jello. I guess this place is decent if you are desperately craving a banh mi though. P.s. They have stock boxes all over the store so space is tight.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Myleisha D.', '4', 'I love this place. I come here almost everyday. They have wrapped meals for good prices. I always get the chinese sausage with rice for $2.50 and the #7 grilled pork sandwich for $3.25. Soo good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gregory N.', '4', "This place is definitely better than Lee's sandwiches, and about the same price.  The only downer is the grilled pork has peanut sauce in it, which I'm not used to.  So I also get the #1 and the fish cake ones, which are solid.  I'm still partial to a couple banh mi shops in San Francisco and even more so in Westminster, but this is the best one in San Jose that I've found, altho my experience is admittedly limited.  The good news is you can buy banh cuon, which is 5-star and fairly reasonably priced."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vivian K.', '5', "I come from the 626 where Lee's and other banh mi places are in full abundence and I've had ones from big chains to small hole in the walls operated by old Viet couples. I love each one for their own specialtys and I love banh mis in general. Huong Lan Sandwhiches are too die for. The price is perfect. The sandwhich is filling. The bread doesn't cut up the roof of your mouth. Its authentic, its delicious and I can't wait to come back for more."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Frederick L.', '2', "So two years later, quality has changed.  The bread is still good, but the four sandwiches I got were whatever.  The number one didn't have enough meat, and all I tasted was picked vegetables.  They totally skimped on the pate.  The shredded pork was so so.  I guess for $3.25, it's not that bad, but definitely no longer some of the best banh mi sandos I have had."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer P.', '5', 'This place is so good! I came here 2 times the 3 days that I was in San Jose. You would think all viet sandwhiches are the same but no. This place is SO good. Sometimes the wait is a little long if there are huge orders ahead of you but otherwise not super long. Cash only so make sure you bring cash! They also have tons of other deli stuff that I wish I had time to try it all! All I had was their Banh Beo which was good!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jason H.', '4', "4.5 Stars So I finally made it back to Huong Lan Sandwich to try their highly raved Vietnamese sandwiches (Bánh mì). I can safely say they are amazingly delicious and you can get them for such a great price of $2.50/sandwich. Walk up to the cashier on the right-hand side and place your order. If you have trouble deciding on which sandwich you want to try they conveniently have giant lit pictures to help you with your selection. When your order is ready an automated voice will call out your number and you can pick it up to the left of where you placed your order. Your standard sandwich comes with pickled vegetables, onions, cilantro, jalapenos, and mayonnaise. For $0.50 more you can add extra meat. In terms of choices there is Ham, Steamed Pork, Meat Ball, BBQ Chicken, BBQ Pork, Shredded Pork Chop, Sardines, Shredded Chicken, Deep Fried Fish Cake, BBQ Bacon, and House Vegetables. I went with #7) Thit Nuong - Grilled Pork. The baguette is slightly toasted so it has a nice light crunch. The ingredients are fresh and taste really well all together. The grilled pork is thinly sliced and had a nice BBQ flavor. A unique thing I noticed about the sandwiches here was they even put crushed peanuts in there. Yum! One sandwich was already pretty filing, but if you're feeling extra hungry feel free to pick up a pack of the Vietnamese Spring Rolls or other take-out items wrapped in plastic. CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM. == A MUST TRY! =="]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lyn C.', '5', "Born and raised in ESSJ, I've had my fair share of Vietnamese food and without a doubt, Huong Lan has the BEST banh mi.  My favorite is always the cured pork (#2).  I'm also very picky about getting pearls in my drinks, but the pearls at HL are perfect... like marshmallow clouds in your mouth.  The only other place I opt to get pearls is Sweetheart Café. I will admit I go to Lee's more often because of convenience, but when it comes down to getting a quality sandwich, I make the effort to go to Huong Lan and brave the Tully crowd. Also a given: CASH ONLY!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna S.', '4', "Delicious. I would have ordered a BBQ sandwich, but since I had to donate blood the next day, I wanted something rich in iron. PATE! liver? goose liver? If not, too bad. It worked. I am sure that was not what increased my iron level, but mentally it did. Sandwich number 1: ham, pate, headcheese. HEADCHEESE? Sorry, I did not know what headcheese was so I had to try it. It is just pork...jelly like...cartilage like...just look it up on google...I can't explain it. It was not bad. The sandwich was good overall. I took a bite of my fellow diner's BBQ pork which was yummmy....barbecue goodness. Next time, BBQ for sure.  One unappealing act. A customer was looking at the food on the counters. She accidentally popped open a container of mochi like dessert and everything came out. She told her friend to come over to I guess ask what she should do. I looked away and looked back momentarily to see the container intact. She slid it to the side and grabbed another one. Umm."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ted R.', '5', "OK, I've been reviewing some crappy places lately. I guess that if I don't write up the 2-star and 3-star joints then I'm not helping you all avoid them. But remembering bad meals is leaving a bad taste in my mouth. So now I'm thinking about the best of the places I should have reviewed in 2011 but didn't. Reaching back to the beginning of last year, Huong Lan was a peak experience. Since I'm not near San Jose often, I don't get to frequent it. But I would! Actually, I've only been once, but I had the most incredible banh mi. Just $2.50, dude!!! I had one pork and one chicken, and they both rocked my world. Great bread and an an unbeatable mix of flavors! Huong Lan, when are you adding a store in downtown SF? You could double your prices and I'd gladly pay!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yang L.', '5', "Pretty much one of my favorite places for Vietnamese sandwiches and snacks. It's a way from my home, but I get for here whenever I pass by."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'rosie d.', '5', 'Most succulent roast duck and crispy skin pork we have ever had. Long lines but they move quickly. Cash only. Great banh mi sandwiches for only $3.25!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Large M.', '5', "Grilled pork bahn mi here is the best.  Never had better yet.  The only thing that sucks, but which is just inevitable, is the prices keep marching higher and higher.  I remember when the bahn mi here was under $2.  Now, it's $3.50."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christopher S.', '4', "**Cash only place! I'm a huge fan! By far the best vietnamese sandwich I've had in San Jose! The outside didn't seem well maintained and when you walk in you definitely get the feel of a little asian market. I got their grilled pork sandwich with double meat and when I got it, it wasn't quite as much meat as I wanted. However, the taste was outstanding and the bread was very well made! The price wasn't too bad either, I'll definitely be coming back!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Pat P.', '3', "Much anticipated and then disappointed. I had the vegetarian banh mi with shredded tofu and the other ingredients and although the bread was deliciously crusty, the sandwich itself seemed very dry and low on ingredients.   Not nearly as good as the banh mi at San Francisco's Saigon Sandwiches, the gold standard. The woman who took my order was friendly and spoke English very well. They have a huge selection of food there."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike C.', '5', "The best sandwich shop in San Jose. HANDS DOWN! There isn't any substitute for this  place. My favorite banh mi is cha lua. I've tried other offers they have here, but I always find cha lua very comforting while eating.  Bread is always crisped, loaded with veggies, meat packed but overall it's kept simple without adding anything new. Extremely simple, yet yummy sandwich. Try it and love it!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vanessa U.', '5', "I've only made two trips here thus far, but I can easily say I'm a fan now. The first time, I tried their sticky rice with Chinese sausage, a cup of che, and banh cuon. The rice was okay, but serves better as a side dish rather than something to eat on its own. Like the sausage though! The che was pretty good, but I prefer che with shaved ice (halo-halo style). ;) I really enjoyed the banh cuon and got to enjoy some of it today as well, courtesy of my sister. Yes, it's one of the cellophane wrapped dishes on the table, but that shouldn't deter you from trying it. From what I can tell, the trays are fresh and brought out regularly. It was nearly 3PM when I went today and our particular tray of banh cuon was warm. I even saw a lady bringing more trays of food out.  As for today's trip, I got two grilled pork sandwiches (one for my pops) and pandan gelatin w/ dip.The sandwich was great... good flavor on the pork and not fatty, soft bread, and the peanuts were a great touch! The peanuts really surprised me in a good way. I'd never think to have them on a sandwich, but they worked out great. The gelatin was good as well. Everything tasted great and my total came out to just seven dollars, so I was especially pleased.  Service here is fine. Not the rude, indifferent service you'd experience at other Asian operated businesses. The lady actually smiled and made a point to answer my question about their green soy milk. I did want a milk tea, however, but the lady behind that particular register just left without assisting me. Whatever. Saved me a couple bucks and some change. No biggie."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Katherine T.', '1', 'We ordered the whole roasted pig by $240, what we got is unfresh roasted pig, smells so bad when cut it off. Dishonest business. Never come back. Not recommended. Zero star!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christopher N.', '5', "Review #200 goes out to my absolute favorite vietnamese sandwich joint in San Jose. Being out of reach and Tully's infamous third-world style traffic laws limit my visits severely, but whenever i see my folks, i make sure to stop by and pile it up with 2-6 sandwiches...they taste just sublime with a cold one in a chilled mug while watching some UFC.  at $3 each, everybody wins. The to-go plates and BBQ here are very tastey too.  $3.50 for nem nuong spring rolls gives me the fix i need when im too lazy to wrap them myself (or too lazy to visit the parents).  Huong Lan tends to run out of these by 5 or 6pm though. I have been eating here for over 17 years, but I only consider the last 4 years to be significant in that I grew up a bit more and actually tried everything on the menu.  I cant believe I used to eat here ONLY when the family forced me to...and even then I kept wanting a mcdonalds happy meal!  man... kids are so goddamn stupid.  I think I remember seeing that SAME vietnamese homeless dude outside their sliding doors.  guy used to ask me for money when I was 8 years old.  8 YEARS OLD. was i going to give you a dollar? a dollar to an 8-year-old was like a hundred bucks son!  that's icecream-man currency for real i've eaten vietnamese sandwiches everywhere i can find them, from San Francisco's very own Saigon Sandwich, to Westminster's Banh Mi che Cali (buy 2 get 1 free), to the holes in the middle of nowhere of Thu Duc and Ben Tre (50 cents for a sandwich? i might have to retire here, son!).  shit, I've even had a family member fly back a vacuum sealed sandwich with duck pate from Paris. huong lan is up there, and definitely San Jose's finest."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Denis S.', '4', "I can't get over how cheap and delicious bahn mi sandwiches are.  I got the bbq pork sandwich (I think the #6) that came out to $2.50 AFTER taxes.  That's crazy!  The pork was well made, but I think next time I'll pay the extra $0.50 to get extra meat.  The baguette was warm and crunchy.  It could have been a bit fresher, but not bad.   Unlike other Vietnamese sandwich places, this one was a pretty large market, with plenty of other choices, such as drinks, various spring rolls, and rice desserts.  Plus a huge frozen section.   The best is still in New York, but this was was definitely the best I've had in the South Bay."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna A.', '3', "I wasn't impressed with the banh mi from here. Normally when I order the combination back home, it comes with cha lua, thit xa xiu, and one or two other cuts. At this place, I had to pay extra for cha lua and thit xa xiu. Boo. So when it was all said and done, the sandwich is pricier than other places. It doesn't taste better than other sandwich joints, so I hate to pay more for it. Also, I don't know if this matters to anybody else, but the sandwiches do not come with cucumbers. I guess the banh mi here will suffice if you're in the area, but I suggest going elsewhere for banh mi."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eddie W.', '4', "My friend said that we had to stop by this place while on our way back from Palo Alto. According to my friends, they have some of the best Viet Sandwiches, worthy of a detour.  After glancing over the menu I ordered the BBQ Chicken and the Grilled Pork Sandwich + some spring rolls. The total came out to just $8, what a steal for all the food that I got.  -Highlights- -The bread was crispy out the outside yet light and fluffy on the inside.  -The grilled pork was served warm which was a great perk!  -The flavors of the pork were really good, some of the best I have ever             had.  Sadly, I didn't check my order before I left...they gave me the wrong sandwich =_= but at least the one I got was pretty good as well.  As for the spring rolls, a tad bland but the sauce with it wasn't half bad. However, I think I will just stick with the sandwiches.  Overall Thoughts Great sandwiches at an amazing price"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David H.', '5', "Working in Little Saigon for the last year and a half, I've become quite a connoisseur of banh mi. Huong Lan is easily my favorite place so far, with great sandwiches (so cheap!), a nice selection of sides, a deli/hot food section, and an actual seating area inside. It definitely doesn't hurt that the building is clean and actually climate controlled, unlike other small shops in the area."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jing X.', '5', "I will make this short and sweet, just like they do the food here. Sandwich quality is top notch - bread is crispy and hard on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. Ingredients taste fresh, especially the veggies (super important!), and they don't skimp on the cilantro or peppers. This is pretty much as good as you're gonna get from Viet street food. RECS/TIPS 1. Beginners get the grilled or BBQ pork sandwich for a crash course on Banh Mi awesomeness or the #1 if you feel a bit adventurous. 2. The peppers they put in there are not kidding around. Water doesn't help. Head to Sweet Tea or TapX down King for some boba to quench the fire. 3. The cold sandwiches are so cheap and make such a great afternoon snack that you can stock up and lower your $/meal ratio for the day. CONS 1. Sometimes the panhandlers outside the door make me feel guilty. And you'll ALWAYS have change after spending your cash in here...so there goes that excuse. 2. Like all Tully joints, the traffic is ridiculous to reach a place that's only half a mile away, even in the middle of the day . 3. Once found a stray dog here that promptly got ran over, to our great distress. RIP Road Kill. PROS 1. Under $3 for a real meal? Maybe I'll actually pay off my student loans! 2. Entire selection of other viet delicacies inside, if you're in the mood. 3. Did I mention $3 for a SATISFYING meal? Where else are you going to get this in San Jose? The Bay Area? How does this place stay in business?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linda T.', '5', "I don't really buy sandwiches here...but the one thing I cannot live without is their #12 drink, which is a Vietnamese iced coffee. It gives me the perfect amount of energy to tackle my day. The best part is, even on a hot summer day where your iced drink will melt faster...it didn't change the taste of the coffee! I love that it wasn't watered down and will always get the #12 with coffee jelly as long as I'm near. Or...carry $3.25 in cash."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kevin L.', '5', "Best banh mi I've had.  #1 combo, ham, headcheese and pate.  Awesome.  Banh Hoi wrapped with pork, yummy too.  Asian fast food, million times better than a mickey d's."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linda L.', '4', "One of the best sandwich places in San Jose. That's saying a lot considering how many sandwich places there are. I usually get banh mi cha (asian ham?), banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork)  with nem nuong spring rolls (spring rolls with the red meatballs cut into slices). I always get my sandwiches split without jalopeno. It's very to the point. You come and pick up your wrapped deli items, order sandwiches and wait a couple of minutes to be called on the intercom. They call out your numbers in English for all of you non-Vietnamese people who have come to those Vietnamese places and you never know if they called you or not, It's always solid and I rarely ever complain about this place. I like consistency and this place is always consistent."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'M M.', '5', "Awesome place to get a good sandwich. We were passing rough and someone found this place and I'm glad they did. We got the BBQ Chicken as recommended by a regular. I also got the mung bean dessert with coconut milk! You can't beat the price. The picked veggies in the sandwich are soooo good. I recommend you pay the extra .75 for extra meat."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nasser D.', '4', "Ok. Yes it is cheap and yes it taste freakin good but for some reason. The word egg sounds like the number 8 to them.  I love my Vietnamese sandwiches with egg but i have to cross my finger hoping that the lady understands my order.  I do now make chicken sounds to reference my version of egg so that they understand.  So if hear a customer making chicken sounds and you know how to speak Vietnamese. Turnaround and translate it for me so that i don't look like a fool."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Scott P.', '3', "Came here after an event that we went to in San Jose.  The reviews were great and we were looking for a bite to eat so we ended up here.  It isn't much to look at from the outside but that doesn't always mean anything and there were what seemed to be a lot of locals in so we had high hopes.  When we walked in, the first thing I noticed is that the floors were a bit slick, almost like they had grease on them and didn't get washed well.  They had a pretty wide variety of Vietnamese food and it did smell good inside.  I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and my wife had the pork.  The bread had a nice crunch to it with a slight sweetness to the bread.  There was just the right amount of mayonaisse and not being much of a fan of it, I was glad  because some places just slather it on overpowering the sandwich.  The chick had a pink color to the outside that must have been from a marinade or something.  The taste was pretty good though.  My wife enjoyed her pork sandwich as well.  I had a thai iced tea with boba and it was just ok.  My wife had the jack fruit and it was also just ok.   We came in with high hopes but it fell a bit short.  I woudl probably give it another try if in the area but would not make a special trip for it"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bao N.', '5', "For all your favorite Vietnamese sandwiches, rice plates, fast food items, desserts, and even roasted pork or duck! This is the place to go for delectable food from all around Vietnam.   However, I ALWAYS go here when I am craving Vietnamese sandwiches. Huong Lan offers the best Banh Mi Thit Nguoi I've ever tasted (I've tried many places).  In addition to the fantastic taste, the price isn't so bad also! Go to Huong Lan NOW!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Monte W.', '5', "Been living in the area for 5 years and just discovered this today after a friend told me about it.  This place is amazing.  We sampled several different choices and everything was flavorful and tasty.  The Bahn Mi sandwiches we ordered were the best we have ever had.  Also the best fresh spring rolls  I've had in the area.  So glad we found this place.  The price was great as well."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Keven W.', '4', 'You can not beat the prices $2.75 for the sandwhich and I got the extra meat on top fot that which was pretty good.  Anyways the service is just okay.  I ordered two of them.  Plus they sell duck and quail for pretty cheap, cheaper than 99 ranch market.  Anyways the place is pretty dirty inside though which is a minus.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Elena L.', '4', "The sandwiches are really filling and cheap - $3 with tax included. I almost always get the grilled pork banh mi. The addition of the peanuts gives it a nice flavor and crunch. I've also tried the bbq pork banh mi. It's a bit sweet for my taste, but it's not bad. Huong Lan also has a separate area with hot trays, snacks, spring rolls, and desserts. They also make Vietnamese coffee and smoothies. Their coffee is really strong and not drowned out in ice like a lot of other places."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Patsy C.', '5', "I've been getting my sandwiches from Huong Lan ever since I was in high school and saw them on some sandwich documentary. Best grilled pork & BBQ pork EVERRRR and at a super affordable price! Lee's can't even begin to compare with the awesomeness of Huong Lan. The only thing that sucks is the fact that it's cash only but if you remember to save $3-4 every now and then you'll be fine! Huong Lan 4EVER."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Brian D.', '5', '"BBQ and grilled pork were awesome in their fresh bun." absolutely! And right up the street from Hon Kee the best roast pork place in town!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shannon Z.', '4', "And the great debate continues, Huong Lan (on Tully Rd) or Lee's Sandwiches (on King Rd) for Bánh mì (Vietnamese sandwiches)?  Pros of Huong Lan: Cheaper at $2.50, Better tasting sandwiches due to more cilantro, jalapenos & cucumbers, Better Vegetarian Bánh mì sandwich, Better bread - more squatty and crusty, Easier parking Con's of Huong Lan: Dirtier, Chaos when busy, Drinks aren't as good, Panhandling out front can be agressive, No bakery"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kathleen C.', '5', "If I posted ever sandwich I tried well pregnant it would be to embarrassing ,so let's just say I haven't had one that lets down yet . I also think they have THE BEST VIETNAMESE SPRING ROLLS AROUND little Saigon"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amanda B.', '5', 'My favorite place to get fresh Banh Mi (sandwiches), Xa Xiu (BBQ grilled pork), Soy Sauce chicken, and roasted pork. They always have a wide selection of items to choose. You can go there with $15, having no idea what you want, to leaving with a meal to feed 5 people.  I would like to add that their Sandwiches, that I believe are $2.50 each, are excellent. My favorites would have to be the Banh Mi Xa Xiu (BBQ grilled pork) and the Banh Mi Dac Biet (combination).']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Britney L.', '4', "Who knew that less than $3 could get you a delicious sandwich? I came here with two of my girl friends because we were craving a good Vietnamese sandwich. Of course we checked yelp and this was one of the top rated. Boy were the yelp reviews right. this place is great! We decided to share three sandwiches - the bbq chicken, shredded pork, and bbq pork. The meats were all really flavorful and balanced well with the pickled vegetables. Also, the bread was toasted and crispy which went well with the fillings but beware that it is very messy. Out of the three that we tried we all agreed that the shredded pork, which I believe is #4, was our favorite. But don't get me wrong, it was really hard to choose the one we liked the most because they were all really delicious! The cool thing about Huong Lan is that they're not just a sandwich shop but they also sell lunch specials and they're a small market. This will definitely be a pit-stop when I'm visiting San Jose."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sarah K.', '5', "I woke up today with a MAJOR CRAVING FOR VIETNAMESE SANDWICHES. Step 1. Turn on computer Step 2. Open up firefox Step 3. Search yelp for the best Vietnamese sandwiches in San Jose. $2.50 was more than enough to satisfy my craving.  Huong Lan had a variety of sandwiches, ranging from BBQ pork, BBQ chicken, grilled pork, shredded pork chop, shredded chicken, sardines, meatballs, steamed pork, etc. Huong Lan also has a variety of other packaged foods at decent prices.  (see my photos to see what they offer & prices). There's seating in the right-hand corner of the store (if you face the entrance), hidden behind boxes of Vietnamese goodies.  So if you have a craving and can't wait for the car...You know where to sit :D I bought two sandwiches: BBQ pork & grilled pork.  Split both with my mom just so that I could have a taste of both worlds.  DELICIOUS! The grilled pork was so good.  There were little bitty pieces of peanuts, a surprise in every bite. The BBQ pork was exceptional!  I highly recommend.  I've had other Vietnamese sandwiches, and the meat is sometimes too dry.  This was so savory, and not overpowered by any other ingredients in the sandwich. Sidenote: you might be surprised by the slices of jalapenos.  You never know when you're going to bite into one if you're hungrily scarfing the sandwich down. Thank you East Side San Jose... for being Mexico & Saigon, all in one. 5 stars for a quality meal & prices you can't beat."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Edison T.', '4', "Best banh mi in San Jeezy.  Bread is fresh, nice crunch but not too hard and sharp like some of the other places. Very sweet. Generous size and portions for a bargain price! All the toppings are good. Gotta order some sugar cane juice to go along with your banh mi, that ish be the bee's knees son! And cash only!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Daisy V.', '5', 'Really cheap & yummy sandwiches! They also have a large variety of snacks, appetizers, milk tea, and other hot food. Always come here when  craving a bbq pork sandwich.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dawn D.', '2', 'Oh man, I had a "shattered dreams" experience here yesterday.  I\'ve been craving a really good yummy yummy banh mi so I checked yelp and found this place. I\'ve tried the Houng Lan up in Sacramento and I remember how yummy my sammich was - in fact, I told my fiance how I couldn\'t stop eating it. I sure inhaled that thing... Instead I found myself apologizing to my fiance..that  I really thought this place would "the bomb"  but oh wells... Anyways, I was expecting the same experience that I had in sac, but instead we were disappointed.  May be it was an off day yesterday, who knows? But there was an couple red flags...first, I noticed there wasn\'t a good selection of chips....just shrimp chips.  No normal chips?? I always have potato chips with my bahn mi, but I guess yesterday I had to sacrfice.  I actually found a couple bags of Ketel Chips Sweet Onions near the register, I was about to pick it up until I noticed the expiration date was "JULY 22, 2009" (actually I cant remember the exact date, though I remember it was JULY 2009).  Isn\'t it almost September? Ai yai yai.   I liked the bread though and they put a perfect amount of mayo (not too much, not too stingy), but the pickled items could be a bit more.."pickled"  *shrug* Anyways, I will have to try other places to find the "bomb ass" banh mi!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Norman P.', '5', 'Try the blended mocha with pearls. Its excellent. Sandwiches are better than good, but not great.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dan J.', '4', 'Excellent bahn mi sandwich. The bread is toasted just right and the veggies have the right mix of sweet and savory.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ronny D.', '5', "When you see all the elite yelpers RAVE about this place, you know it's going to be solid solid.  Watch out, it is cash only, there is an ATM, but just be prepared. I am seriously in love with this place. I make an effort to have lunch or dinner here once a week.  The place has everything a chubby asian kid needs. Vietnamese sandwiches, spring rolls of every variety, weird bbq pork cube thing that tastes AMAZING, and plenty of ready-made food like duck, fish, etc.  You get a sandwich, spring rolls, under $6 and you are stuffed!! The only knock on this place is that it is in a little sketcher area than I prefer, usually a pan-handler or two hanging outside of the store during the day. It is also a little bit on the unsanitary side. But hey, any cleaner and they'll probably start charging $8/sandwich."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alien A.', '5', 'This is my favorite place for many Vietnamese desserts in the south bay. The banh xu xe is very good, but they are small and it is a little bit expensive, but it is well worth it. The xoi vi is amazing here. I definetly recommend this place to anyone who likes Vietnamese desserts!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nguyet K.', '5', "I'm going to keep it short. The food is YUMMY!!! I was very happy, they have sandwiches and hot food... they have a wide selection of food and very inexpensive too.  We walked into this Huong Lan expecting just sandwiches, but to our surprise we end up ordering a few sandwiches and some BBQ pork and roasted duck. The food was delicious, good portion size and wanting more. I would come back just because I was so happy with the food. The sandwich is made fresh and the bread is perfect, crispy on the outside and nice & soft for the inside. The other ingredients use for the sandwich was very fresh and they give lots of it too.  My favorite sandwich is BBQ pork and they got the seasoning for it perfectly. Some places don't know how to make it or try to give the recipe a twist... WRONG, don't mess with a recipe that is perfect.  I would TOTALLY recommend this place."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Binh N.', '5', "had the thit nguoi banh mi here last week.  best sandwich i've had in sj for $3.00!  sandwich was super crispy/flakey on the outside and chewy on the inside.  exactly the way i like my banh mi bread.  the inside of the sandwich was filled with thit nguoi(headcheese), pate and mayo.  JUST THE WAY an authentic viet sandwich should be made.  huong lan is THE BEST banh mi spot in san jose. will definitely come back here next time i am in san jose.  only negative about this place was it took a little long for the sandwich to be made because the place was super busy. definitely worth the wait and definitely recommend everyone who lives vietnamese banh mi sandwiches to try huong lan."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joanne C.', '5', "This place never fails to satisfy my Vietnamese Sandwich craving. I pick this place over any other place in California, yes I said CALIFORNIA.. because I travel way up north and way down south within this state and no other VN sandwich shop can beat this place. My mouth is salivating as I think of eating the sandwich. It's a very convenient food for when you go to the beach, rafting, picnic, etc.. and you need a snack in the middle of your day. (Unlike saving fast food, these sandwiches won't get soggy and will still taste fresh, even after a few hours of purchase.) Also VERY inexpensive. And if you're going rafting early, this place opens at 5am!. I'm pretty sure that's early enough for any activity.  My favorite is the banh mi thit nguoi, which is basically a ham sandwich with the usual condiments inside (cilantro, pickled carrots and that white thing, jalapenos) with pate and mayo on baguette bread. TRUST ME, it's the best here and it won't disappoint!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sheila B.', '5', 'I love you, banh mi trung! I also love you, banh mi thit nuong w/pate!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linda C.', '5', "I never get tired of this place and whenever I'm in San Jose, I try to hit up this spot and stock up on some banh mi. Sandwiches are still good the next day. Super cheap too! My absolute favorite is the #1 with cha lua. Their bbq chicken is pretty good too. Pass on shredded pork - get the grilled pork. I made that mistake once. Their other packaged items are good too including the noodles and pork. I don't get why people like Lee's, Huong Lan is the real deal!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric C.', '5', "I've been to their Milpitas location but I'm so much more impressed here. I got the Banh Mi #1, and the baguette was soooooo nice -- it had the right balance so you get a delicate crunch as you bite into the doughy inside. Yum!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stine H.', '5', "I'm basically going on a yelp rampage, reviewing all of my cravings and favorite local establishments. Question-Vietnamese sandwich in SJ, where do you go? Huong lan of course. Largest variety of viet sandwiches around and they're cheap and delicious. For like $2.50, you get yourself a good tasting lunch and you don't have to tear a hole in your wallet. My favorite is typically the ga cha bong (shredded chicken) or cha lua with pate. Fast? Not really. Huong lan is pretty busy so it'll take a good 15 minutes to get your delectable sandwiches sometimes, but it's worth the wait.  I remember when this place used to be a chinese dim sum restaurant back in the day. See the chandelier and fountain thing in the front? Memories. Big space in side with some tables in the back if you want to eat your food there. We usually grab a bunch and take it to the beach or have a nice picnic.  You can also get other vietnamese goodies like banh cuon, goi cuon, and they even have a bbq station. Pearl drinks and smoothies also available."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Destinie Z.', '4', "Yummy yummy yummy! Pork BBQ sandwich is amazing. Bread here is a lot softer than lees sandwich and makes it easier to eat. Spring rolls weren't great. Other than that love it :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dany B.', '4', "Prices are great for the amount/quality you get for the food. I admit I actually come here mainly to buy the seaweed snacks! I can't find them anywhere :( The sandwiches I love, because face it, I prefer the soft bread to Lee's Sandwich's flat/hard baguette. But I do wish they had more sandwich selections :/ I love their selections of Asian desserts. I swing by between 11:30am-12:30am they usually receive the fresher made desserts around then. *** I would not recommend the deli's chow mein. Sadly, it was dry, plain, yet had that stale-old-left-in-the-refrigerator taste  Their service I admit was rude on my first fee visits because all the Vietnamese speaking customers behind me got helped first before it was my turn. Now since I'm there almost daily for my seaweed snacks the lady with the glasses is quick to ring me up. No waiting like previous visits :D"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wendy T.', '3', 'From the enormous amount of good reviews for this place, I finally checked it out. It is an average Vietnamese sandwich shop: the bread was rock hard, too much mayo, average prices. I had gotten the banh mi cha (cured pork roll, my favorite), and am disappointed to have nothing much to report. A better sandwich shop is Thanh Son Hien Khanh.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'joseph y.', '5', 'Outside Vietnam These banh mis outdo the rest Even Westminster']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'denny t.', '5', "This is just a review for the sandwiches.  I ordered the meatball for $3.25, how can I complain about that. The bread was perfectly toasted, the meatball was moist and it balanced harmoniously with the pickled carrots, jalapeño, and cilantro, bringing it all together. It's simple and made right.  The ice coffee was just what I needed, strong and sweet, just the way I like. If I'm in the area I will stop by for another sandwich been if I'm not hungry.  FYI the code to the bathroom is 6800."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Trevor N.', '5', 'Yes...reminds me of home! The real deal deli and sandwiches are amazingly spot on! The deli has so many viet pastries and the people moving around the place makes me feel like I am home with my aunties and mom making food for 100 family members with love! Hand made no substitutes!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tinh K.', '3', "Let me start off by saying my wife and I don't cook and we eat out all the time.  I come here every weekend for the last 8 years.  This is the best place for banh mi (vietnamese sandwich).  Their bread is pretty tasty and the stuffed veggies are pretty fresh.  But this review is not only for the banh mi.  The only problem I have is they tend to sell expired packaged food (i.e., desserts, banh tet, colored sticky rice, etc).  Over 50% of the time, these products are expired.  Maybe I come on the wrong day...the weekends.  Sooo many times, I wanted to call the FDA on them b/c off this.  Love the banh mi, and all the other tasty treats.  I just hate paying for something that should be thrown out."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Diane N.', '4', "To be kind-of short and maybe sweet: Huong Lan Sandwich has a large selection of sandwiches, bobas, Vietnamese deli snacks (e.g. banh cuon, banh tet), and roasted meats (e.g. duck).  I've only bothered to try the Vietnamese sandwiches.  The layers of meat are good, but the paté has great flavor and texture.  The bread, however, is a total downer.  The bread is too dry, therefore lacking the soft and crisp flavor of well-made (fresh) Vietnamese banh mi.  But service is fast and prices are low, so I still drop in."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chantha O.', '2', "This used to be my go-to spot for banh mi and banh bao, because they made em the way I remembered eating them as a kid. But the service has drastically gone down hill in the last couple of years. One time my sister and I waited over 15 minutes for ONE sandwich and it was not even that busy, and another time we waited over 30 minutes on another order of sandwiches (which they even admitted that they forgot to make them!!!!). Both times, they gave no apologies nor any compensation for the wait  and even gave us attitude for even asking about our orders! So since then, I've not returned even though I love their sandwiches, smoothies, desserts, and other goodies. It was a bittersweet goodbye to Huong Lan. But maybe .... just maybe, one day I will pop in for a bit of that childhood nostalgia of banh mi and banh baos, and suffer through that long wait."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ryan E.', '4', 'Nothing really special about this place\'s design. Inside is very big, they have a few flat screen tv\'s in their "dining" area. Store is kept really clean, i haven\'t yet found anything disgusting about it.  The sandwiches has to be the best in San Jose. I\'ve been to other locations, and they are good as well. Lee Sandwiches does not compare to this location. The bread is always fresh as well as the vegetables. I usually get the chicken sandwich and its always good. Sometimes its a little saltier than usual, but who can always be perfect right?  $2.50 for a sandwich for over a year now. Very decent and average price. Lee Sandwiches is like 3bucks or so. Definitely worth it to try if your in the area and craving some Vietnamese sandwiches.  quick, easy purchase transaction. When your sandwich is ready, they have the same technology as Lee Sandwiches. There is a very big TV that displays the numbers that are ready and the automated voice comes on saying the number that is ready. Simple.  Will always return whenever I\'m in the area and craving some sandwiches.  Appearance 3.5 Food 4.5 Price 4.0 Service 4.5 (Out of 5)']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jang David K.', '4', "$2.75.  Grilled pork sandwich.  One of the best deals in San Jose.  This may be one of the best Vietnamese sandwich joints i've encountered.  All the flavors were balanced very well and the pork and all these great vegetables were spread evenly to offer a memorable meal. These things are so hard to eat because the baguette makes a mess and many times, cuts the upper part of the mouth during your bite.   Still, with a cut in your mouth and $2.75 gone, you still had the most cost efficient and stomach satisfying meal.  You gonna complain?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Geri O.', '5', "$3 for a delicious sandwich! BEST deal I've ever had! Had the #1: ham, pâté, and head cheese on a very very fresh toasted baguette. Fresh chiles killed it. Loooooved it! Definitely coming back here!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kristina J.', '5', 'I LOVE their banh mi sandwiches. My last visit I had their steamed pork (cha lua) sandwich w/ pate. Every part of the sandwich was on point! Their bread has a slight crispiness on the outside but still manages to be soft on the inside. But what really makes the sandwich is the perfect veggie to meat ratio. Every single bite is perfectly balanced with fresh ingredients. For $.50 i added pate to my sandwich and they really slathered it on there! It was so creamy and delicious!  I have to admit I was a little sad when I finished it, I may have to make another visit soon!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Voodoo P.', '4', 'sandwich is good but the coffee is never consistence with taste. Some time they make a delicious cup and other times it is just bad or too strong.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ci W.', '4', 'My fav place to go for Vietnamese sandwich. I like how they are structured unlike other Vietnamese place, I actually see what is being charged, workers wearing caps, less chance of finding hair in the food, and they are all ready for your order at 7am in the morning.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bobby L.', '4', "Sandwiches here are a force to be reckoned with.  Especially when you're on the go and low on cash.  The #1 (ham, head cheese, pate) and the #7 (grilled pork) are my favorites.  The bread is perfectly toasted on the outside and soft on the inside and the ingredients seem to be a lot more tasteful than other Vietnamese sandwiches I've had elsewhere.  I haven't tried the other food items or drinks yet, but I notice that many customers do.  This restaurant is large, but cluttered and somewhat messy.  I feel like I'm in a mini grocery store whenever I visit this place.      If you're looking for a really good authentic Vietnamese sandwich, this is where you find it!....and that's the bottom line......literally."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rosie W.', '5', "I think I know why everyone loves Huong Lan Sandwiches. I just tried their grilled pork sandwich and was pretty impressed. I think their secret ingredient is their butter. Vietnamese restaurants used to sell their sandwiches with french butter (like Little Paris in San Francisco's Chinatown), but it got expensive and I'm not sure what happened, but it somehow got discontinued everywhere. Anyway, looks like Huong Lan has a special butter sauce of their own and it's pretty delicious. It aint french butter, but it's pretty darn close and the best I've ever tried! And it was ONLY $3. STEAL! I'm totally coming back."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alex B.', '5', "Been going here for years! I've been to a lot of high rates Banh Mi places but this place still out beats them. In terms of taste, Huong Lan wins, hands down. In terms of cleanliness, it's good for what it's worth. And for 2.75, it blows Lee's out of the water."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nikki N.', '5', 'My family has been going here for years!  Huong lan sandwich is the place to go to if you are craving a cheap, good, and light meal. I have had multiple sandwiches here and my personal favorite is the shredded chicken. My childhood memory relived every time i bite into this sandwich =) sweet, savory goodness! My boyfriend loves the pickled stuff they sell in the fridge, which also tastes amazing.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Pearl V.', '5', "Five stars because their #2 sandwich (cha lua-steamed pork roll) combined with the house veggies and generous mayo slatherings taste the best I've had from anywhere. I love how their bread is perfectly toasted and yet doesn't cut the roof of my mouth. Next time I go, I will try the grilled pork sandwich that all the other reviewers were raving about. They have a plethora of asian goodies and snacks, as well as bbq or other cooked dishes to-go. This will be my new favorite place to get a good cha lua sandwich. ======== *** UPDATE: 10/17/07 *** Ok, so today I ordered my usual cha lua sandwich AND ordered the grilled pork sandwich everyone was raving about... and OMG... my cha lua sandwich could not hold a candle to it... I mean, the cha lua sandwich is still the best I've had anywhere, but I think the grilled pork is my new favorite sandwich. What in the world is that sauce the pork is slathered in? It's delicious. Must be laced with crack. I decided to eat half of each sandwich so that I could eat it again tomorrow for lunch, and I wish I had eaten the cha lua sandwich first, cuz after eating the grilled pork first, the cha lua tasted a lil plain. Haha. Oh well. Still the best cha lua I've had anywhere. $2.50 for a delicious filling sandwich? Yes please!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew C.', '5', "One of the BEST bánh mì sandwiches in the South Bay. They literally make the Perfect Vietnamese Sandwich. Their banquette bread is toasted to a flawless crisp. Slightly crunchy on the outside, soft & fluffy on the inside. On my first visit I ordered the BBQ Pork (#5) and Fried Fish Cake (#10) sandwiches thinking that one bánh mì would not fill me up. Yet after eating one I was pretty full and extremely satisfied. I could have easily taken the other one to go. These sandwiches are not small. They're filled with all the essential goodies. Fresh pickled veggies, cilantro, jalapeño, a delicious pâté spread served with your meat of choice. They're so filling and really affordable at the cheap price of $2.75! It's located inside of an Asian Market so you can also buy other food, snacks & drinks. It may be cash only, but I love this place!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lance C.', '5', 'Every once a while, I crave for the combination of juicy grilled pork and the refreshing crispy radish and herbs in between the best baguette with utra-crispy crust and soft inside. And all that for $3? I would beg them to open more stores in other parts the south bay.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ally W.', '5', 'First timer. Good prices: 2.75 per sandwich. Tried the #4 BBQ chicken. Just the right size baguette. The pickles, onions, meat, carrots, and jalapenos were all at the right ratio to yield a yummy sandwich.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Marc D.', '3', "* Tully Rd. - you could have done better! * This is a large bánh mì shop with a lot of other offerings as well.  But I had to try the specialty of the house, the bánh mì.   It was ok, but not as high quality as I would have expected on Tully Rd: - There was almost no noticeable pate, but waaaay too much mayo.   - The pickled carrots and daikon were nice, and served generously.   - The meat itself was a decent sized portion, but no flavours that really popped.   - There was less of a fish sauce taste than I would prefer.   - No chili peppers were offered or placed on the sandwich - boo!   - Only a very small token leaf of cilantro - boo!   - And the big no no for me - they toasted the bread.  I much prefer spots that bake the bread fresh and don't reheat it.    So I must say, little Tung Hing in Vancouver beats this spot hands down:  "]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Taj A.', '5', 'The only place I can think of where you can get a Grilled Chicken vietnamese sandwich for $2.79. That\'s with the " extra meat" for 50 cents extra. That\'s right- they are priced at $2.49 on the mulitple colored pictures above the Vietnamese lady taking your order, but lo and behold they are giving you a 20 cents discount. Check your receipt wise one.   Good enough to even fill up " The Machine." .....and it\'s delicious and filling.  Lee\'s.... sorry.... but I\'ve found someone else.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric S.', '2', "I jumped thru hoops to drive to this popular yelp spot & was excited to try a nice Vietnamese sandwich. Unfortunately the expectation outweighed the reality. You walk thru the door and you're excited about the possibility of a really tasty sandwich as you absorb all of the intrinsic garb that make up this popular deli.  I ordered the pork sandwich. The only tasty thing about this sandwich was the bread, and it even got soggy after the 1st half. The pork was cold and tasteless as I slowly stripped the small sandwich of the fatty meat and was eventually left with a soggy bun w trimmings. The interior is what you would expect from a hole in the wall deli (not that there is anything wrong w that) but the problem lies when the tables aren't clean. It actually doesn't seem like the cleanest place either, but I am pretty sure it is sanitary!! Disappointing and not what I expected."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ron L.', '5', "Grilled pork (#7) is the ticket here.  For $2.50, you get a sandwich with the normal vegetable fillings (pickled daikon, carrot, jalapeno), grilled pork with a touch of maggi sauce, and the kicker - crushed peanuts. Skip Lee's, Subway, Quiznos, and Togos (unless you're craving for a #9 pastrami) and get a good deal at Huong Lan. Not in the mood for sandwiches?  Order one of the other rice plates or pre-packaged meals.  I wish I knew what everyting was, but being that I'm the taste tester for Andrew Zimmern, I'll try anything at least once.  And you know the saying...if it looks good, eat it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nam T.', '5', 'Best Vietnamese sandwich in Northern California. They also have tasty Vietnamese sweet such as white bean with coconut. There might be many Vietnamese sandwich shops around the Southbay but this place has msintained their quality over the last twenty some odd years.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vince N.', '3', 'Vietnamese goodies all over the place..  The Vietnamese Sandwich was tasty. We ordered a Banh Mi Ga, and I opened it up, and I found some pink looking meat inside. After picking and prodding I finally was able to confirm the pink meat to be chicken.  The Bread tasted fresh and meat was nice and warm.  Iced coffee was ok, a bit skimpy on how much was in the cup.  Overall, good cheap eats. I recommend this place to anyone.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Marilyn H.', '4', "Of all the sandwich places on Tully, Huong Lan was the most highly recommended; they have several locations around the bay. In addition to the freshly made to order Vietnamese sandwiches, they have prepared  spring rolls, vermicelli plates, party platters, desserts, breads, Asian snacks, refrigerated things like pickles, meats.  They also had char siu meats and prepared Chinese food on the side. Shrimp spring rolls are big and only $3 for 3 of them. As for the sandwiches, each is made to order, so you can get no mayo, extra pickled vegetables, whatever.  The shredded chicken was so flavorful and not too fatty, and the bread was perfectly crusty outside but still soft inside.  A non-standard menu item is the egg banh mi - it's not on the menu, but they'll make it for you - imagine a fried egg with runny yolk on a toasted baguette with the usual toppings... so good! If you get your sandwiches to go, you can ask them to pack the vegetables on the side, so the bread doesn't get soggy. Make sure you bring cash!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Annie S.', '5', "Can I get a WHAT WHAT?! So, I have been craving for a Vietnamese sandwich for so long... and I finally got one this past weekend! This place is better than Dakao's by A LOT. My mouth is watering just thinking about it... I ordered the #4, which is the BBQ Chicken Banh Mi. $2.50! :) The bread was warm and crunchy, meat was plenty (and somehow slightly dyed a bright pink color at the ends), carrots were sweet, and jalapenos were spicy. Dang. I want one now."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael C.', '5', "Stopped off here for lunch yesterday. The banh mi here was so good that I went back for dinner. Okay, first off, this is the best banh mi I have ever had. And, mind you, I've had a lot of banh mi from a lot of different places.  I stopped off here on a whim while cruising through the East Side. The store is in a shopping center that includes a CVS Pharmacy and a panaderia. I haven't had a chance to try anything else there except for the banh mi, but their sandwiches are reason enough to make the trip; even if you live far away in the western suburbs like Cupertino or Saratoga.  I ordered the Grilled Pork and the BBQ Pork. Both were heavenly. The onions and the bit of mayonnaise really helped to enhance the flavor. The Grilled Pork is really REALLY good. It has bits of peanuts cooked with the pork that give the sandwich a crunchy, slightly nutty flavor, right before you get that rich pork taste.  The bread is really fresh; you can tell from the first bite. It has a crunch when you first bite into it, and then a nice soft texture.  Be warned, it is, like many Asian stores and eateries, CASH ONLY. But the food is dirt cheap so money shouldn't be an issue.  I'd literally be going there everyday if it weren't so far from my house."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Du T.', '5', "My favorite sandwich shop. Whenever I'm in San Jose I must stop here and get Vietnamese sandwiches and other food items."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'H T.', '5', 'Been going to this and their Sacramento location for over a decade, wish they have one closer to SF. The banh mi sandwiches are always fresh and very authentic to the ones sold in Vietnam.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Catherine W.', '4', 'At last, a regular, authentic Vietnamese sandwich shop!  We were driving out to San Jose anyway, so I had to try this Yelp-revered establishment. We ordered one "Cha Lua" (white ham) and a "Thit Nuong" (BBQ pork) sandwich.  The Vietnamese baguettes are light and fresh, (although I have given into and prefer  the trend of the longer, thinner french baguette - when it is done RIGHT and does not chip a tooth -my fave is Banh Mi Che Cali in So Cal).  The pickled vegetables were perfect, good bit of mayonnaise, cilantro and jalapeno.  Price is right and finally closer to what it should cost at $2.50 a sandwich.  Not sure why everyone loves the BBQ pork because my vote is on the classic - Cha Lua is the way to go.  It compliments the pickled veggies rather than competes with it. They have a plasma TV featuring Vietnamese karaoke videos and concert performances.  Traditional, corny entertainment at a slightly annoying volume level, but I can appreciate it because it gives the place a certain clueless-to-the-client\'s-comfort authenticity. I also bought 3 small spring rolls (they did not come with dipping sauce) for $1.  They were still crisp and tasty (even though they sat under the heat lamp).   There was a wide array of ready-made food, but most of the goods looked less than fresh.  I would recommend skipping the impulse buys.  I gave into buying the fried donuts coated with sesame and filled with mung bean.  They were chewy, dense and the filling did not have the nice vanilla and coconut flavor that it should.  I also bought a "pate choud" (puff pastry with ground pork) and this was the worst one I\'ve tasted.  The pastry was not cooked through, not light and fluffy at all.  The meat inside was dry and loose. A good "pate choud" should have moist filling with wood ear mushrooms. Still - the sandwiches are very good, the place is roomy (albeit not very nice with old chandeliers, tiled ceilings and floors), service is efficient and the price is right.  Recommended. ---------------------------- Yum.  I went back on 5/17 for a Banh Mi Cha Lua Pate.  This time, I added pate to my white ham sandwich.  It was delish.  The peppers are the super spicy kind, so I removed them, but the service was fast, the bread is light and crisp, and the flavors are dead on.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'foodiewithadrawl S.', '4', 'Grilled pork Bahn mi! Great vietnamese sandwich and inexpensive. If that is what you are looking for then come here.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sarah S.', '4', 'legit Vietnamese sandwiches! And there is a small market next to it as well. How can you say no to a lunch that is less than $3?']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Allister D.', '5', 'Ever since I was small, Ive been coming to this chain for years now! Before it even moved to Tully, It was placed in the heart of downtown San Jose! I love eating their original number 1; Ham. with everything topped on! and a box of cooked duck just to go along! for dessert, i recommend their tapioca avocado drinks! Great place!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Judy N.', '4', 'Great place to go get Fresh, warm Banh Cuon (Pork and mushroom filled crepes) my fave! Yum.  Pate chaud. had a sweet glaze on them, weird, and the meat inside was dry, doubly weird.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'RoseMichelle M.', '5', "This place is THEEEE best. I haven't been back in a while, but it's way better than Lee's. They're SUPER cheap and they pack on the meat. YOu can even request more meat for $0.50 or something like that.  I also like how it's also a mini market and I'm able to try a lot of the desserts. Living in SJ for 5 years I was bound to have to try something new:)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Loc N.', '5', "I always come here for Vietnamese sandwiches and was satisfied every time. I usually order the Banh Mi thit Nuong along with a Sam Bo Luong Tea. The customer service is okay, neutral I would say, the owner lady (or so I think...) seem to remember me my face because I came here like every week. Their sandwiches might not be as filled as some other stores around the area but hey.. you get what you pay for. It was 2.50 for a sandwich verses 3.00 for a sandwich at other stores. Now they bump the price up to 2.75 but whatever..Th store is big and clean, with a variety of food to choose from, including, traditional Vietnamese dishes like beef stew, etc.  The only problem I have with this store is the location. I have a hard time getting in and out of that plaza because of the traffic condition around there.  Wouldn't choose this over Lee's sandwich."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'MaryGrace V.', '5', "WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?????! Bomb-ass Vietnamese sandwich!!!  COMBO is my style. Perfect crunch + Hella meat + Hella flavor + Hella cheap =  Me in LOVE!   OH MY EFFIN' GOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!  RAWR!!!! =)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Glenn L.', '5', 'This is definitely the place to go for BANH MI! They have a wide selection of banh mi and other vietnamese dishes, and you definitely cannot complain with the price!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nancy B.', '5', "Their pork sandwich is bomb biggity bam dot com outstanding! I always stop by here and get some banh mi's to go for dinner, or just to snack on the next day whenever I am in San Jose. I am hooked on their desserts (there's this green rice with mung bean and jello in a coconut that I love so much). There have been times where I've gone by, and they've run out of dessert items. It's the only sandwich shop where everything is good, which I love because you can be bold by trying new things every time you go."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christopher A.', '5', "Order the #7 Grilled Pork Sandwich, my favorite. HL puts a stamp on how Vietnamese Sandwiches should taste. Best Banh Mi ever. Bread is baked fresh every morning and it sure does taste like it. Every bite you take out of one of their sandwiches is full of fresh flavor. Their mayonnaise is ridiculous and none can compare. I love how there is small amount of peanuts in the #7. I personally cannot handle the jalapenos but they are real easy to remove from the sandwich. Parking may be a pain sometimes during peak hours but the wait for a sandwich isn't that long. It is very hard to leave with just buying one sandwich that cost $2.75. Yeah one will easily make you full but these sandwiches do not get soggy and remain edible for a 4+ hours.   Yeah HL might be intimidating but just wait in line and speak with confidence when you order."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lindsey A.', '2', "Disclaimer: As my name and photo indicate, I am not Vietnamese. I do not have extensive knowledge of Vietnamese food, but I do know good food (to me) when I eat it. So, this-- obviously-- is coming from that perspective.  Review: My husband and I have been on a Vietnamese sandwich kick lately. We've been trying new places, and mainly it's the soft baguette bread and the pickles and peppers that we crave. We were at the park with our kids when the craving kicked in again. My husband drove all the way from Willow Glen to go here today. He got there and it was crowded-- which is a great sign. He got three different sandwiches and brought them home.  1st: BBQ Chicken: Had a foul fowl taste. Just tasted like bad quality chicken. We didn't eat this one, but scraped all the veggies off it to put it on the other ones.  2nd: Shredded Chicken: The bread was crispy and crumbly on the outside, ultra soft on the inside. There was a fair amount of chicken and a little veggies, but the bread outweighed everything else. This one didn't taste foul, but didn't taste like much.  3rd: Vegetarian: These ones are usually my fave. It had shredded tofu inside, and like the shredded chicken, didn't taste like much. Good thing we had extra pickled veggies from the other sandwich to pile on.  Overall, I really feel let down by the Yelp reviews. But, then again, maybe we all weren't looking for the same thing?! Oh well, on to the next one!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gabriela Q.', '5', 'I had the roast pork sandwich with everything and it was delish! So many different flavors. Pickled veggies, peanuts, creamy mayo...A good size sandwich was only $3! Such a great deal. I will be back for more.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'K H.', '5', "Best Vietnamese sandwich shop since original Lee's Sandwich from 1970's. Great Vietnamese sandwich at original price. Don't come here for clean sit down meal or great service. Order in Vietnamese or by numbers, wait for your number then pick up your sandwich and GO. Quick, cheeap and very tasty meal."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'T-Bone D.', '4', 'Excellent Banh Mi. Nuff said. the assortment of Vietnamese food is extensive and homely.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sharon F.', '5', "If you want something better than Lee's sandwiches (which is all over San Jose) then definitely stop by here!  Their banh mi sandwiches are much much better and they have a wide selection of pre-packaged foods, deserts, goodies, etc."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'M C.', '5', "Dear Huong Lan, I love you and I can't live without you. Please don't ever go away. Sincerely, Mabel"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joshua T.', '4', 'My favorite Viet Sandwich place in the area for sure.  Quality meat and bread.  Good price...FOR NOW.  As long as they do not increase the prices, I will be a forever customer.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Roxane W.', '4', "Asian Market Heaven: 1) Ready-made fresh spring rolls / bbq pork buns 2) Bakery Items galore 3) An entire candy isle of goodies 4) An entire wall of very tasty sandwich possibilities to order 5) Quick service 6) A small dining area in case you're making a quick pit stop, instead of doing take-out 7) CHEAP CONS: a little bit on the ghetto / dirty side.."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kathy D.', '5', "Favorite vietnamese banh mi of all time of mine.  I would eat this ten million times more than Lee's sandwiches.  I mean Lee's have fresh baguettes if you come at a certain time but still, the ingredients, meats, and vegetables put into it does not compare to the greatness that Huong Lan brings.  I love how rich the flavors taste when I bite into the bread.  So much unhealthy but good pate spread, and vietnamese mayo, and lots of meat that I love.  The bread is not hard and nice and crunchy to eat.  banh mi thit nguoi and gio.. That sounds really good right now but too bad I can't get one until december. sigh! P.S: they also have good to go food such as fried rice and other vietnamese rolls, desserts.  I like their drinks too with grass jelly drink and coconut jelly..  If you need food for the week, go here, they have everything you can ask for.  Makes your life ten times easier!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Judy V.', '5', 'I love vietnamese sandwiches.. and I have to say Huong Lan is by far one of the best one in San Jose. I always order a number one with extra cha and no onions. :]']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Huey N.', '5', "We always stopped by here when my parents ran errands in SJ. I would sit in the car under the scolding hot sun with sweat beads running down my face because I didn't want to be surrounded by so many of my own kind. Last week I suggested going here because supposedly Huong Lan had great banh mi and I wanted to get in touch with my roots for once. I ordered the mystery meat sandwich #1 and I was pretty dam happy. They put a little bit of soy sauce on there which I like. My only disappointment was the fact I didn't get a second one to go."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chi N.', '5', "Hands down, the best place to get Banh Mi and assorted Vietnamese foods in the South Bay. Even though I usually come here for some Banh Mi, I end up walking away with some trays of food for later. My favorite is the Banh Cuon (rice rolls) and Banh Beo (rice cakes). They also have great Spring Rolls. I always order the Banh Mi Xa Xiu (baguette with Chinese sausage) but the thit nuong (grilled pork) and siu mai (dumplings) are great as well.    Tip: If you want to save the Banh Mi for later, get the veggies separate so it doesn't make the bread soggy. Reheat it for 30 seconds in the microwave and then toast it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lou V.', '3', "(Disclaimer: I'm from SoCal so the Viet food is much better) We went here expecting some bomb a$$ banh mi with such a high star rating with so many reviews... Food was ok... Had the Dac Biet sandwich and the BBQ rice plate.   People were really nice!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ellen C.', '4', "I like ordering #7. Although this establishment isn't really customer service oriented, the wait isn't long. I'm usually in & I'm out. They serve a variety of food & desserts, They also serve food to go which is cool. I'm just here for the sandwiches. I've never had a problem with parking so that's a plus."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tanya T.', '5', "Yum!  The bread here is soft and crunchy and the banh mi's are delicious!  My favorite is #16, the egg banh mi.  I've tried the other ones but I like how it's a simple sandwich and I love how the yolk comes oozes out when you take a bite... mmm."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'M M.', '1', "BBQ Banh Mi- I bought it yesterday along with a package of green rice and the bread was fresh, yes.  4am wake up call and mad food poisening. Sanitation conditions must not be up to par. Good luck, but I won't be going there again. First and last time."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Henry L.', '5', "Let's face it.  If you're out to get a Vietnamese sandwich, you're not looking for ambiance... or service... or decor...  There's a lot of food here to be overwhelmed by.  It's basically a combination BBQ/sandwich/grocery store.  It's cheap dining at its finest.  Sandwiches here are $2 and they are terrific.  I usually grab 2.  But before I swagger up to the counter, I will stroll through the place looking for drinks, snacks,  or dessert.  There's tons of stuff from which to choose.  It's a great little shop with good food.  And if I'm going on the mega cheap, then I'm out for under $2!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Morgan P.', '5', "Tapioca Smoothies and Vietnamese Sandwiches = 2 things I recommend. (I haven't tried anything else yet, but I'm sure to soon.)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alice W.', '5', 'This is the best Vietnamese sandwich place ever! Who cares that the lady behind the counter cannot understand me?? Just order by numba...  =) The bread is so buttery, soft & crispy! The meatball one is tasty & so is the shredded tofu & the marinated carrots have just the right amount of flavor. Got my sandwich & cafe sua da, sat down & ate as i watched Hannah Montana on the Disney Channel on a flat panel tv (fancy stuff). DAMN! That cafe sua da is good, strong ass stuff...  About to leave... WAIT!!! gotta buy some bread home... =D']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Aldouse H.', '4', 'First thing my coworker stated when we checked out this place was "wow, they actually adhere to a lot of the food service regulations...."  she was referring to the fact that no food packaging is making direct contact with the floor; they\'re all sitting on raised platforms, the employees are all wearing proper food safety gear (gloves, aprons, and even a bonnet on one of the employees). the vietnamese sandwich i had was filled heartily, and the bread itself was pretty tender.  great on the flavoring.  i can\'t wait to come back and try another sandwich or even a rice platter.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kim Hoa K.', '5', "I seriously love this place. I can eat here everyday. It's so cheap and delicious. I love their banh mi #7 on the menu, the fish, spring rolls....ok who am I kidding? everything's good!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kelly T.', '5', 'So good yet so cheap! I love the grilled pork and the chicken banh mi sandwiches.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Charles Y.', '4', 'true to their name these sandwiches are very huong lange. as well as that they have tables u can eat on and chairs u can sit on. also there are a lot of vetnamee desserts that are sweet and full of coconut milk so it is the yume. mmmmm :) the good one']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Omar K.', '4', "#1 Combination is the way Banh Mi's supposed to be.  Period.  I get their #7 Grilled Pork as well. My only complaint is that the bread isn't consistently good.  Warm, fluffy, and with a little crunch - every time please, not just now and then!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna C.', '5', 'Best place for BBQ Chicken vietnamese sandwich.  The bread is soft and warm, they give you a lot of meat, and if you ask for veggies on the side, you get PLENTY. They also had really good spring rolls.   My new go to place!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joe O.', '4', "Bahn mi done right. There's nothing so satisfying as a good sandwich. Thank you Duke of Earl. Get the grilled pork and thank me later."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ambar G.', '5', 'Had grilled pork sandwich only $2.50 no tax ..Delicious. Great location on Tully next to pretty much everything.- which also means TRAFFIC GRIDLOCK ON RUSH HOURS. but that is San Jose for you.. They have more than sandwiches, lots of tables to sit...Get ready for some loud people who work there. Selection of cold drinks which is great. Roasted chicken and quail on display. TIP: Be careful in this parking lot area, people drive like MANIACS Little Ghetto outside as people outside sitting on crates and eating and some bums begging for change.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David V.', '2', 'Maybe i ordered wrong, but i went with the duck. i will not be going here again. the duck was intensely flavored and really overwhelmed my taste buds. i recommend going across the street. there is a place right next to lion supermarket that has way better duck!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kevin W.', '5', "I'm learning how to speak Vietnamese!  Or at least the food items and numbers since they used to announce the order numbers in Vietnamese.  Obviously, don't be intimidated if you don't know Vietnamese - the food is well worth breaking the language barrier.  Maybe I'll learn enough to work there one of these days - the benefits of delicious food would be well worth it. Banh Mi is the best (and cheapest) in East San Jose.  I don't know how Lee's can ever stay in business with Huong Lan nearby.  Everything else you could possible want - roast duck, roast pork, bbq pork, cooked food on steamers, tapoica drinks, and Vietnamese delicacies.  The bbq items are done right - lean with just enough oily goodness rather than biting into chunks of fat. There's a dining room if you really want to eat here, but its mostly for playing Lotto Scratchers."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike H.', '5', "Awesome xa xiu, fantastic bread in a no-frills setting; this place is my gold standard for banh mi. We always stop by when we're in the area: sandwiches for the week! The deli items are also top notch. I need to try the rest of their siu mei..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tina P.', '2', "Maybe it was an off day? I was not impressed at all.  Yeah, I get it - it's cheap. But the quality of the sandwich was severely lacking.  The BBQ pork was fatty and ice cold, the fishcake was gummy, and the bread just fell apart. Toppings were decent but skimpy. The do chua was under pickled.  The area is super sketch in my book. The side of the building has multiple squares of paint showing it has been tagged numerous times.  There is definately better Bahn Mi out there . . . and I'm not talking lee's (yuck)."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'sherry t.', '5', "Where to start?!! Been a fan since it opened.  Huong Lan has THE BEST Vietnamese sandwiches in Nor Cal.  A sandwich for about $2.50.  You get your choice of meat, mayo, soy sauce, pickled daikon/carrots, fresh cilantro, sliced jalapenos, and the best french bread in town.  Just skip the boring, Americanized Lee sandwich.  It cannot compare. My all time fav since I was 5, is THIT NGUOI (ham combination).  It has pigs' ear, ham, and THE BEST PATE!! (Just learned you can add extra pate and meat for 50 cents!) If you aren't down with pig's ear, I'd recommend the grilled pork (thit nuong).  They also have a very good vegetarian sandwich made with taro and tofu bits to mimic the texture of shredded meat.  Their shredded chicken is my second favorite banh mi there. Aside from sandwiches, they have chinese bbq meat, your usual chinese take out foods on the left.  The middle tables have yummy vietnamese dishes.  They have variety of spring rolls and mini rice plates.  Good place to get pearl drinks and vietnamese coffee too."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tony N.', '4', "Great sandwiches, but sometimes it feels like they have been skimping on the meat more and more. Parking sucks sometimes so I would recommend parking a little bit further away and walking so you don't deal with bad drivers..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dave H.', '5', "Having only tried their pork sandwich, I can't comment on the rest of the food here. But that sandwich was good enough for me to want to give it 5 stars. The best thing about it was definitely the bread, so warm, crunchy yet soft on the inside and palate-safe (no cuts in the roof of my mouth). Is it better or worse than saigon sandwiches in SF? It's different! Just as good but in its own way. Besides, I can't hate on San Jose, something about seeing thousands of viet people everywhere conjures up a very safe haven feeling for me."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linda D.', '4', "The only thing I've gotten here was their vegetarian Vietnamese sandwich. It's suppose to be imitation shredded pork and I always ask them to put mayo on it. It's pretty bomb it doesn't taste dry like some places. This place has like every other Vietnamese item you could think of to get to go including prepared hot lunch foods. Too bad I can't eat their meat stuff ;(...and there's no vegetarian eggrolls either. Oh well I still recommend this place ;)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael N.', '5', "This is as good as I've seen/experienced for a Viet sandwich place in the Bay Area. Although it falls short (not by much) of my fave spots in Socal, Huong Lan will do fine for me up here. Comparing it to other sandwich places in the area, however, I have decided to award it the full five stars.  The sandwiches are delectable, and the variety of food options is awesome. I also strongly vouch for their taro drink, which is one of the best and authentic taro drinks I've tasted. This, a banh mi thit nuong, and a banh chuoi (banana cake) powered me for a 5.5 hour drive to Socal. The fact that it took me an additional half hour in standstill traffic on right lane of the 101 waiting to exit construction-riddled Tully alone is a testament to the quality of this place."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Annie L.', '4', "I always get the #1 thit nguoi here but it's not as good as the one from Saigon bakery. But the other choices of food is what makes it awesome. So much to choose from, makes me wanna buy everything ! And prices are cheaap. Quick lunch run :D"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tess S.', '3', "This place is gross. The tables in the back are dirty and they let transients hang out back there. It was gross trying to eat a sandwich with a dirty guy sitting a few feet away. They have packages of Laughing Cow cheese sitting out on the counter (doesn't that stuff need refrigeration?). Another reviewer that they sold Cahn Chua but the lady at the counter looked at me like I had something growing out of my head when I asked for a small soup. We finally ended up just getting one sandwich each BBQ chicken, BBQ pork and pate and head cheese. The bread is really good, veggies were fresh and it had a good portion of meat, but I don't know about that spread that they put on it. I think I would try it one more time but take it to go and eat in my car because the dining experience might have made me lose my appetite.  I don't mean to sound intolerant, just want to give an honest account of my experience."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Erica L.', '5', 'love places like these. cheap to go food.  vietnamese sandwiches, packaged sausages, etc. (i dont know what things are called but everything is really good)']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tracy N.', '5', "Uhmmm so I normally go to Lee's for my Vietnamese Sandwiches but seriously after finding this place I seriously just died!!!! It's probably the best Vietnamese Sandwich I've ever had in my life. I felt like I just took a bite out of Vietnam and it tasted good! Normally I feel like eating more than one sandwich but this awesome place filled me up with one sandwich!!!! The Thit Nuog was so tasty!!!!!! It was gourmet for Vietnamese Sandwiches!!! I can't describe how awesome this place is. The store is really huge and has an assortment of a bunch of Vietnamese food goodies. There's loads of choices and there's even a half off section during the last hour until closing.  The sandwiches are awesome, but I tried the Rau Ma and it was really gross. They over sugared it to hell!  ALL IN ALL THIS PLACE IS SOOOO GOOD. I LOVE THIS LITTLE PLACE! NOW IF ONLY THEY HAD HOURS PAST 9PM!!!!!!!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Liz T.', '4', "Almost as good as Saigon Sandwiches. Almost. I love that the banh mi is $2.50. That it's crunchy outside, yet it doesn't scrape the roof of my mouth. That it's soft inside, yet it doesn't take a lifetime to chew. That it's lightly sprinkled with fried onions. The French bread itself is unbeatable. But there isn't a lot of meat in the banh mi. And while they're quiet tasty, the ones at Saigon Sandwiches are meat-packed, veggie-stuffed, mayonnaise-smothered flavor bombs. 4.5 stars but no cigar."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Julie C.', '1', "I gotta give it up - they do have good sandwiches, but the staff is sketchy.  My family and I come here a lot, but the last time I was here on my own, the cashier tried to jip me by charging ridiculous amounts for my purchase.  The sandwiches come cheap, so as soon as I saw my total, I had to wonder what was going on.  She didn't speak English and I didn't understand what she was explaining, and using that as an opportunity to make some extra business just doesn't fly... This really did break it for me.  My 6 sandwiches were not that difficult to add up."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Amy D.', '5', 'Banh Mi, Spring Rolls, Heo Quay... etc.  The best Viet food on the go.... ^ - ^ My favorite spot when I am craving for those items... And they are affordable too!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lil G.', '2', '*PEANUT ALLERGY WARNING* If you have a peanut allergy, you should avoid this place.  There are plenty other similar places to try in the area anyway. I\'m putting emphasis here because it\'s a very common and typically serious allergy, and peanuts are not a typical ingredient in banh mi.   According to rumor, they use a peanut sauce on their sandwiches here.  According to personal experience, they put crushed peanuts in at least one of the sandwiches, too. So I\'ve been trying the grilled pork sandwich at several places in the area for comparison.  I\'d heard good things about this place.  I was going to give it three stars, but the "Meh. I\'ve experienced better," rating seemed more accurate than "A-OK."  Yelp, you have harsh standards! The bread and veggies were good, no complaining there... but I could say that about most of the other places I\'ve been to also.  And that\'s about where it ends for me. My first bite gave me an unpleasant surprise: peanuts.  And I\'m allergic to peanuts.  So I gutted the sandwich to try to give the rest of it a fair chance.  The meat looked disgusting, like cured fat with hardly any real meat, but I found a piece without peanuts rubbed all over it and took a bite to give it a fair try.  Tasted ok, though not what I want in a grilled pork, and it was crunchy like meat shouldn\'t be.  Not for me, even without the peanuts.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David L.', '4', "Taste: 4 Value: 5 Service: 3 I came here with a couple friends since I was craving vietnamese sandwiches a few weeks back. I got Rose's a few hours before, so I wasn't that hungry and just got #7 Grilled Pork with cucumbers and no jalepenos. The sandwich was definitely pretty good, although it didn't taste as good without the jalepenos. Also, my friends' sandwiches had a lot of mayo, so they threw away half of their sandwiches. One of my friends said that BBQ Chicken was really good. For $2.50, it's definitely worth it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andi I.', '5', 'wanted viet sandwich and was recommended by a friend.  huge place to be selling sandwiches but place seems very popular has alot of desserts and other snacks layed out throughout the store great prices, alot of sandwiches to choose from left very satisfied, ordered the #1 combination meat. will come back if i am in the area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thuy V.', '4', "My family has been going to this place for years.  Mind you, we live in Union City, but once a week, my mommy would always want to make a trip out to San Jose to run some errands and on the way back, pick up some yummy sandwiches to go.  I remember it being in another location and it was much smaller, but now over at its new home, they were able to add in a sit down area for their patrons.  My favorite sandwich is their Banh Mi Thit Nuong (Grilled pork).  It's so delicious!! When we order, we always ask them to separate the veggies and they kindly do so =) If you're a vegetarian, don't worry- there's a sandwich for you and I used to get that all the time.  Their smoothies are alrato; not the greatest, but its a good quickie to get ;P If you ever get the chance, buy some of the Cha Lua (pork), its great to add into your ramen or dice some for your fried rice."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Candace C.', '4', "These are some pretty tasty sammies--3 stars for them alone  I got the one with pate and cold cuts, another with grilled pork, and the last one with bbq pork.  The pickles are perfect and refreshing.  I wish there was more fluffy bread inside the super crumbly crust.  I mean, that's what Vietnamese rolls are all about--nice crusty exterior, but lots of plush, fluffy interior with a nice chew.  Alas, I think the bread is off.   Extra star for being so non-Viet friendly.  Everything here is labeled--name and ingredients in English--even the different desserts in the fridge.  While waiting for my sammies, I brushed up on the different types of che and desserts.  Super helpful b/c no one ever explained any of this to me.  I've been getting along by pointing at stuff, but knowing the names and probably pronouncing them incorrectly is still progress....right?!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'K+D L.', '5', "Really love their grilled pork sandwich!  I tried to reheat it at home and it's more delicious! (I like warm bread!) And of course I love the price!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tarra R.', '4', "The paying/sandwich making process is a little disorganized.  I ordered after a group of girls and they each got their orders after me- but that's not a complaint. I ordered the #5 BBQ Pork and #7 Grilled Pork - the #5 was salty - I wish I would have tried that before adding soy sauce. #7 so far is my fave! The bread had the perfect crunch but yet still soft inside. I will be back, but no way am I telling my friends about this place (it's my secret)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sign O.', '2', "Well I was not very impressed, perhaps I had high expectations based on the raving reviews?... We visited on a Saturday afternoon.  The packaged food items were limited :-( We also order the following: 2 item BBQ over steam rice at $7 each.  Portion was good. Roast pork: they give you the left over that's sitting on the side (not the from the pig that's hanging).  It was cold and the skin chewy.   BBQ pork: had better Roast duck: had better Ok so this place has the best sandwiches, right? we got ($3 each): BBQ pork sandwich: it was BBQ rubber not pork!   Combination sandwich: nothing out of the ordinary.  It was just ok. I'm not sure I'll go out of my way to come here.  Whatever we order was just ok."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Aaron W.', '2', 'This review is for the service. I went in there and plan on getting the 2 orders of  bbq over rice.  First the lady made me waited hella long and then she say there was no duck. NO DUCK? Whats that big bird hanging there, it looks like a duck to me and she told me to get the left over bbq pork. I paying almost 8 dollars for some left over that might been around for 5hrs+, hell no.  Dont get me wrong, their sandwiches are really good but they are just so cheap....with the bbq']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'V. L.', '3', "Normally their sandwiches are pretty good but the last few times I went they forgot the extra meat I paid for & the pate was not so fresh. Yuck. Service is okay. I'm a bit more hesitant to go back even though I've been a customer when they only had one store."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bee V.', '4', "Yummy sandwiches and large selection on other oriental foods! The ladies that work here are nice and there's also a seating area for you to eat your yummy sandwiches. $2.50 for Banh Mi Xa Xiu with Pate....yes please! Oh, and don't forget to tip the homeless man with the cute black puppy outside lol (don't you wonder how he even has such a cute little puppy??)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Robin R.', '5', "The Pearl drink was more then the sandwhich- and this is NOT a bad thing.  Under $3 for a sanwhich on fresh baked bread with perfectly pickled veggies, crisp jalepeno and a full belly is just hard to beat.  I fell its a step up from Lee's but no more expensive.  The pearl tea was good, but the sandwhich was spectacular.  Mmmm now I want the perfect fresh, spicy, pickled nom nom in my tum tum now!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jeannie L.', '5', "Love the sandwiches here. My mom always makes me go out of the way to get some from this specific one.  They give us extra chilis when we ask. Normally at othersnits like one more extra but this place fills the sandwich up! Yum!  And.I don't think I need tonreview the actual sandwiches, they are just darn tasty and delicious. Pop them into the microwave for 30 seconds and into the toaster oven, the next day and it's just like you got them at the store again! Yum!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thomas N.', '4', "Okay. First let me start off by saying get the number six. When you walk in I always tell them what number because they seem to always get the damn order wrong if I say the name. I live around the corner so it's convenient for me although I preferred Saigon bakery over this place."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Allen T.', '4', 'The good - Cheap cheap cheap.  Pretty tasty Vietnamese sandwiches along with lots of prepared Vietnamese rice/noodle dishes.  They also seem to have a Chinese section where i believe you can order roast pork or bbq pork over rice.  I am not quite sure and haven\'t ordered anything from that area.  They also have a sit down area as well if you choose to eat there. The bad - Possible language barrier.   The verdict - Great sandwiches that you can get for $2.50.  I got the meatball and the combination and ordered them as "specials".  It was recommended to me that i order it this way. It costs 50 cent more for the "special" version but I\'m not quite sure what they added in there.  Either the fancy pork or pate.  Overall, i would visit them again if i am in the Campbell/SJ area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Henry Y.', '5', "Not much to say that hasn't already been said. Hands down great. The sandwiches are a great value and absolutely delicious. Love the dingy chandelier by the hanging ducks and the big TV that displays your number when your sandwich is ready."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jewl B.', '4', "Sandwhichs here taste  way better than lees sandwhich, but I usually buy boun coun because it's bomb here. . They take cash only."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew W.', '4', "This is a review of the Bahn Mi and Blended Drinks.  Nothing else.  There are a bunch of other vietnamese dessert items and deli items.  There are also a whole range of grocery items.  Not that most yelpers would ever bother with any of that stuff. The Bahn Mi is good.  The vegetables are fresh.  But, it could have more flavor.  I had sandwich 1 and the bbq pork sandwich.  The pork roll in sandwich 1 was too tough.  It needed more pate and more vegetables.  The bread was dried out and hard.  Many people might disagree, but I think the bread at Lee's is softer.  The bbq pork was cooked well.  It was soft.   Also, the sandwiches were cheap.   The blended drinks were great.  The black pearls in the avocado smoothie were perfectly soft.  Maybe the best tapioca balls I ever had.  Also, the mango smoothie was very good.   I don't know why everyone says that the sandwiches were filling.  I did not get a very full sandwich.  But, it was overall a good sandwich. The place could be cleaner though.  It feels more family-run.  But, I do not think it is better than Lee's.  They are equally enjoyable.  Not blown away."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tina S.', '4', "This is my go to place for vietnamese sandwiches. I always get the combo or the bbq pork sandwich (#7 i think...). The reason why I can't give them 5 stars is because the place looks pretty dirty, and I get kinda disgusted thinking about it, but it hasn't stopped me from going there still."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ron K.', '5', "Great Banh mi ! I just wish two things open later on a Saturday night and closer to where I live. The milk tea w/boba was even good, and to be honest for me the best milk tea I've ever had. I was looking at the baguette and was expecting it to be hard, but it was just right, lightly crispy to the touch, but once you take a bite very soft. Great  Banh mi!  Service is good and they even have a lcd and p.a. system to let you know when your order was ready, pretty cool."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Foodie L.', '5', 'Open at 5am (love it) and my fav. sandwich is the shredded chicken with no mayo and no green pepper with soy sauce. So yummy!!! !The price is cheap too. :) :) Thank you Huong Lan Sandwich!!! :) :) :) :)']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chia C.', '5', 'Their banh mi is good, their chow mein is good, but the reason I\'m giving this place 5 stars is the milk tea.  I get carted from place to place by my gf in search of good milk tea, and this is by far our favorite in NorCal so far (we love Cha for Tea in SoCal).  The milk tea is sweet, not too milky, and has a good "tea bite."  We\'ve experimented with the other milk tea variants, but the plain \'milk tea\' is the best. Random note: there is a regular who sits outside begging for money, and boy is he good at it!  I\'ve seen him con many women out of $ by the "fake tear when no one is looking while praying at the same time," yet also have seen him with white ipod headphones, a cell phone, and what seems like a pure bred dog!  I guess I should say he doesn\'t beg at all, nor does he disturb passerbys at all.  He just \'loiters.\'  As far as I know, he owns the place.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christopher L.', '5', "I'd dare say the banh mi here is just as good, if not better, than Saigon Sandwich in SF.  I got the grilled pork sandwich and never looked back.  I don't know what they do to make it taste so great because I was busy devouring it.  It may have something to do with the mayo to pate ratio, but I specifically liked that the bread wasn't too hard to chew like some can be.  Instead, it was lightly toasted on the outside, but soft and airy on the inside.  I wanted to come back after my first bite.  I will be back for more, for sure.  Finally, the prices are a steal... get at it before they hike it!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sheenae H.', '3', 'The sandwich was delicious and cheap, but (1) my drink was 90% full of ice, and (2) There was a dog wandering around freely inside and outside the store that seemed to belong to the owners. ????']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tim Q.', '5', "Awesome bahn mi sandwich for about $3.00, and bubble tea drinks for about the same. Wife and I had lunch for under $10 total, and the kiddos got in on it too. I had the #5 BBQ pork and it was fresh and delicious. No complaints here, and I'll be back regularly."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Albert C.', '5', "This is the place where the Vietnamese who work at Lee's go to if they want a Vietnamese sandwich done right. On a serious note, you won't find more authentic Vietnamese food for the price and quality.  The neighborhood is slightly ghetto so if you go in the evening, don't forget your glock, or rape whistle."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christopher T.', '4', "So good! I used to work two blocks away and seriously for 2.50 you can get lunch! I usually down a couple sandwiches, I rotate thru all of them and honestly it never gets boring. It's a tad bit messy to eat since I like to pick out all the peppers and onions and stuff. I think there are bread crumbs from Huong Lan spread around the cars I used to drive in the past. Oh, they have spring rolls and a bunch of other vietnamese foods there! They have roast duck and roast pork which is really good there and you can feed a family of 4-5 with a 12-15 dollar box of either on rice! I have adored this place since I moved here 10 years ago and I truly regret not saying good things about this place earlier. PS. Asian drivers. Beware. A lot of uninsured drivers are in this area. Happy sammichtime! Chris"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bunny H.', '4', "Man, I tell ya, this place never fails me.  I come here once in a blue moon when I am in town and the service is so quick and great!!  Them little Vietnamese ladies are so sweet and nice, not like the grumpy ones at Lee's...any Lee's Sandwich place...pick one! The food here is fresher and the sammies are better.  They don't let their food sit there and spoil and then continue to try and sell them.  Damn Lee's Sandwich...more like Lee's Nasty-wiches.  Ha! Ha!!  Yeah, bitches!!!  How do you like that??? If you are craving a yummy Vietnamese sammy, Huong Lan's the one for you!!!  They will not disappoint!! Happy Eating!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Niki H.', '5', "I got the grilled chicken and my husband got the pork banh mi. We also split spring rolls. Let's just say I live in the tri valley now and the one place where I can get a banh mi sucks. Finally went back down to SJ, got  a banh mi here, cried because of how good it was, realized how far away I lived and cried again. Damn good Banh mi!!! Cash only and is in a shadier part of SJ but still good."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Greg P.', '5', 'The Captain recently discovered Vietnamese sandwiches, or "banh mi" after hearing folks rave about em, on yelp. I had my first at the newly opened Dong Tien Bakery which was recently taken over by new owners. I did issue 4 stars in my review of them, but I digress.  Huong Lan is a surprisingly large joint having a steam table area whereupon exotic comestibles such as duck and many things I couldn\'t readily identify, simmer in pans.  I didn\'t sample them, having been lured... Nay! Compelled! To try their sandwiches, by 235 yelpers, who have blessed this place with a solid 4.4 star rating! Them\'s mighty strong stats considering the large number of reviewers.  Wandering about inside, I was struck by the dazzling colors of a bewildering variety of Vietnamese victuals displayed in plastic wrap.  Next time I go there, I am definitely bringing my camera!  The sandwiches I bought along with one egg roll, were "gastrogasmic". Fresh baguette, delicately crispy on the outside, velvety soft on the inside, packed with a surprising amount of meat, along with mayo, and the usual veggies, which included bell pepper, thin sliced jalapeno, julienned daikon radishes and cilantro. Two sammies and an eggroll cost less than 6 bucks. Although I was expecting some delectable pickled cucumber in the sandwiches, I didn\'t taste any of that. Perhaps they were out?  Anyway, the pork filling in one was savory and as delicious as I had anticipated, owing to the number of yelpers who raved about it. The sandwich with fried fish cake was my favorite. Not fishy tasting, and due to it\'s density, it absorbs little oil during frying. The golden brown crust seemed to consist of panko crumbs. It tasted like fresh fish. OOOH RA!  The egg roll was a tad tepid and not very crisp, having lain in a steam table insert for who knows how long. However, the filling was spectacular! Savory, quite peppery, and very tasty chopped pork and cabbage. Except for the wrapper, it was the best Vietnamese style egg roll I have tasted. King Egg roll, House of Egg roll, you have been bested! Genuflect to your betters! In the name of The Mighty Pie Hole! I command thee!  I can\'t wait get Ma over there and try some of that duck, every one has been raving about.  Now a word about the neighborhood. The joint is on Tully road just east of the 101. Its one block west of S. King Rd. In a mini mall anchored by the Lucky Seven Supermarket, which The Captain strolled about in, and will review at a later date, because it is so interesting.  If you\'re a "scaredy cat" round eye and are afraid of ethnic enclaves, or simply a snob, you are missing out on wonderful adventures in authentic cuisine, both Asian and Mexican, which exist side by side in the neighborhood.  Ma and I glory in environs like this, and we\'re often found in them. This ain\'t East Oakland gringos!  (Even The Captain is afraid of that place.)  It is a vibrant diverse community in which all of the residents and visitors seem to get on with each other quite well thank you.  Shed your fears, and trust that The Pie Hole will watch over you.  Go!  Eat!  See!  Enjoy!  This and all other reviews posted on   by "Captain Pie Hole" are copyrighted 2009/2010 by Pie Hole Publishing. All rights reserved.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cynthia L.', '5', 'I took my white boyfriend here to try banh mi for the first time last summer.  His reaction was, "WTF?! I\'ve been missing out on this my whole life!!" HAHAHA.  He was actually sad that he had never eaten it before.  Although he\'s still at UCLA, everytime he visits me, we HAVE to make a stop at Huong Lan so he can order a week\'s worth of sandwiches with veggies on the side.  I\'m pretty sure the workers know him by now. He\'s that random white guy who stockpiles banh mi.   My favorite is the thit nuong...it is so good!!! The place isn\'t that clean..but umm it\'s a banh mi place in San Jose! The workers are friendly Vietnamese women and they make sure to say our number for us in English haha.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Julia C.', '4', "Good banh mi, although not the best I've had.  Of the three I tasted (bbq pork, grilled pork and shredded pork), I liked grilled pork the best. Sandwiches are $2.75, but next time I'll add extra meat for 50 cents.  The bread is super fresh, although I've gotta admit I prefer French baguette banh mi. The place is really out there, giant chandelier at the entrance iluminating roasted ducks :) There is a large refrigerated section and also quite a few tablesif you want to eat in."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Allegra I.', '5', 'My friends think that I am such and adventurous eater and go out discovering new places all by my lonesome. Wrong, I depend on Yelp.  Thank you, Yelp and Yelpers for leading me to this place.  I owe you one! Whenever I visit anything on Tully I plan my day around getting a sandwich here.  I never had any experiences with banh mi before, but if this is the best, I\'m not going anywhere else! I always order the #1 and that seems to scare my boyfriend.  Apparently, he\'s not okay with the words "headcheese" or "pate" being in a sandwich description.  What does he know? My sandwiches always come out beautifully.  Crusty bread, filled to the brim with different pork products, how can life get any better? I only get the sandwiches, but the packaged items look delicious as well.  The ladies behind the counter are really cute and efficient. I like to watch them interact while I wait for my sandwiches.  Only downside: Cash only. But, at a place as good as this you\'ll remember your cash :)']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vi Y.', '4', "This is currently our go-to spot for Banh Mi.  Not because they have the best banh mi....but because they're right off of the freeway, and they've got a LOT of other fast food items.   The ordering is not as chaotic as other Viet sandwich shops, where you get pushed aside by little aggressive Vietnamese grandmas.  They have 2 lines here.  You get in line, order what you want, pay, and then wait for your number to get called out.  Make sure you don't throw away your receipt, because that's where the number is! Try the banh uot cuon thit nuong here.  It's on point!  Ooooh, the tempura seaweed chips are so good too!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alfred Y.', '5', '\'Blip blip blip\', goes my droid as I enter in "sandwich" for nearby restaurants. "Hmm, Huong Lan, 4.5 stars... this can\'t be that good. Oh how nice, it\'s literally on the other corner! Let\'s book it!" Dodging the fruit and plant peddlers, peddling gigantic durian; we got into this place and I was immediately kicked in the face. Kicked in the sense that I found the ultimate Vietnamese sandwich joint! They don\'t pull any punches or jingle your jangles: Not only do they make sandwiches for you, they have every darned ingredient for sale so YOU, the humble Vietnamese food artist, can make it at home too. To compliment it all, they have snacks, and Chinese food to go with whatever you want to destroy your diet with. Two long sandwiches, and pickled mango: $7.50. You can not beat this price anywhere I know of.  I just wish, and I\'m going to wish this next Christmas, that they would set up shop closer to San Francisco.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Daniel C.', '3', "I would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could but this is a great sandwich spot if you need something quick.  They even have hot food and roasted animals on call.  The bread is usually pretty fresh and they toast it before stuffing it so it's extra crispy.  I always get the number 1 and some desert.  I've only had the roast duck and its definitely on the par side of things but the selections of foods is proper.  You will never go hungry for 6 dollars I think.  Unfortunately its far from my house."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Melissa D.', '5', "Let me say that Lee's Sandwich has nothing on Huong Lan!  I have been going here for years and their bread is never disappointing. Their baguettes aren't thin and dry like other places. They also stuff the crap outta them with goodness such as ham and pork.  I'm also very picky with my Thai tea and it always comes out just right. Not too sweet. Not too bland. They also serve lunch plates (that I still need to try out) and everything else you would expect from a sandwich shop and more! I have no complaints! Yes it can be a little dirty but I really don't mind at all.  A lot of people just order their stuff and go, but I'm one of the few who actually sit down and enjoy their meal right then and there; even if I'm all by myself!  You will leave this place with a smile on your face because you know that your tummy will be full and so will your wallet, since it's SO cheap!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Justin N.', '5', 'Still my favorite place to get Vietnamese sandwiches. They have many other Vietnamese foods, plates, and desserts all ready to go. They even have roast duck and pig ready to be chopped up for you to take home fresh. Hands down the best Banh Mi Thit Nguoi  (Ham, Pate, and head cheese sandwich) around, which is sandwich #1 by the way.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angela W.', '5', "I was in the area craving viet food when I remembered a friend mentioning this place and its scrumptious viet sandwiches (otherwise known as banh mi). I came in and it looked like any regular sandwich shop but I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the prices for the banh mi. I ordered a grilled pork for only THREE dollars whereas all the other places I've gone to charge $3.75 or over $4. I was even happier when I picked up my order and realized that the sandwich was HUGE. Way more than I could have imagined.  The meat was extremely tendered and had lots of pickled vegetables (my favorite part of the sandwich actually heh), cilantro, peanut sauce, etc. It was absolutely delicious! The bread itself was very fresh and fluffy. I couldn't finish the whole thing so I took the other half home but I wouldn't mind coming here again. Seriously so good. Another great bang for your buck place that I will be coming back to if I was ever in SJ again (:"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tu-anh D.', '4', "I love coming to Huong Lan or Saigon Bakery when I want to have a good vietnamese sandwich. I think that Huong Lan makes my favorite Banh mi Trung (Egg).  It's just such a good combination of everything and the egg just makes you want to keep eating more more and more!  I hadn't had sandwiches from Huong Lan in a few weeks. My friends and i decided to go here for lunch today. Of course I ordered the egg vietnamese sandwich. I missed the sandwich and I was loving every bite of it. I love how every bite you take the bread is so crunchy! with a good mixture of other food texture from the vegetables and meat, or in my case, egg. For some reason, the sandwich was just huge today! they packed the sandwich like crazy! It started to become a marathon to try to finish the sandwich. Talk about food coma. Worth every bite!  I am a big egg fan, however I know that their bbq pork sandwich (banh mi thit nuong) is really good too. Definitely getting your money worth! 2.50 for a sandwich that is yumm-olicious!! What more can one ask for?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Patrick C.', '4', 'Wow!  Cheap and awesome Viet sandwiches plus all the Viet goodies...just like a Saigon Market wonderland!   Stopped here for a sandwich after a friend recommended it and he did me right.   Had a fancy pork w/ pate sandwich.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nancy K.', '4', "Most definitely the best viet sandwich I've ever tried is the grilled pork sandwich at huong lan... It's soooooooooo good!!! I was always a viet sandwich hater, but my friend brought me here and turned me into a viet sandwich lover. It's amazing!!! The taste, the quality, and the price (around $3) is all just amazingggg... I mean seriously, I can just go on and on haha Usually when I come here, I get the grilled pork sandwich and a honeydew drink with boba to make the best lunch ever :D"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Luân N.', '5', "This is what a vietnamese fast food place should be like. Koi fish in the front, bbq on the side with ala carte dishes, mass amounts of prepared food in the center on four islands, and a counter the deals with everything else (Sammiches!) It's definitely a grimy place, and that may throw some people off, but that's the nature of a Vietnamese fast food joint. The grimier it is, the tastier in my opinion. I would choose this place over all others just because of how big it is. They even have a seating area which nobody probably ever uses. If they were somehow able to fill that space with food, I'd probably come more often. The only negative is that there can be some really sticky containers filled with pickled/fish-sauced veggies under the islands. That stuff lasts forever I think, but man has it gathered dust and sticky residue. Kind of weird, but I never buy the stuff from there, so I couldn't tell you how dangerous it is."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kyu L.', '5', "i know that BANH MI sandwiches have grown in notoriety in the past few years and this place is the BEST BANH MI Sandwich spot that ive been to anywhere in the Bay Area. price wise, almost all legitimate banh mi spots are pretty cheap.  this place is the same. cheaper than places like Lee's Sandwiches, but the overall sandwich itself is just better...you know how i know...NO, not because im Vietnamese...because i just came from this place and finished TWO Banh Mi sandwiches...both with extra pork AND a fried egg... the first bite of a Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwich from Huong Lan kinda goes like this... as your teeth bite into the fresh baked roll...you hear the crunch of fresh baked crusty french bread...as you continue biting down into the sandwich, you feel the change in texture from crunchy, to soft and warm...not doughy like a sourdough loaf...more like an airy light french roll...as you continue to bite down in SLOW-MO, your tongue gets a blast of fresh cilantro and sweet and sour pickled carrots and turnips slivers...this comes all together with the warm fresh slices of bbq pork (they have MANY different meats or meat substitutes as well)...as soon as you start chewing this perfect bite of sandwich, you start feeling a mild heat coming from the asian pepper mixed into the sandwich...then, as you look down at the bite you just took away from the sandwich, you see the ooey gooey egg yolk oozing from the perfectly friend egg nestled in between everything... its kinda like that. BUT BETTER. hands down try this place out.  cheap good eat.  located in a somewhat dirty plaza with a handful of homeless people chillin around the side, so maybe not a great idea to come after its dark... a san jose MUST try for all food lovers!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tai D.', '2', 'Spend $10 for lunch and asked for a cup of water cost .25cents...']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'linh d.', '5', "BEST Huong Lan shop out of all 7(?) shops/restaurants!  The quality of their sandwich breads are a huge difference. They're crispier & crunchier on the outside. In addition, their already made plates of goodies look & taste better."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike M.', '5', 'The Sandwiches here are some of the best I\'ve had!  I come here once a month... sometimes more when the wife has a craving for one! Bread is always crisp and the meat is awesome! DON"T GO TO LEE\'s SANDWICHES!  THIS PLACE SMOKES LEE\'s!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Caroline V.', '5', "I prefer Huong Lan over Lee's anyday. My dad has been taking me here ever since I was a little girl. His usual are the spring rolls with pork and shrimp, I would occasionally get this when I feel like eating something a little healthier. They make them fresh every morning and sometimes throughout the day in the kitchen. I go through phases with my sandwiches. I used to only eat banh mi xa xiu, or only banh mi thit nuong. Right now I'm currently in my banh mi cha lua stage which I order with extra marmalade or is it butter? Either way, it hits the spot. :]"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tom W.', '4', 'Pros:    Great Vietnamese Sandwiches    Pretty Darn Good Cantonese BBQ Pork and Roast Duck    Offers other Fast Food Lunch Item Combos    Fast Service    Good Prices Cons:    It gets hot there. They need a new A/C.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David L.', '5', 'Yummy and Cheap. I love their grill pork sandwich and the Chinese donuts. The pandan soy milk is also an special here. All delicious and three of them only $5.4 dollar?!!!! what an amazing price!! great price for breakfast.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Melissa M.', '4', "Pretty darn good. Would've given 5 stars but they skimped on the meat and there was more fat then I would've preferred. Had the BBQ sandwich, grilled pork sandwich, and sugar cane juice. Tasty and fresh. Would definitely go back but traffic out there is insane!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chester R.', '5', "Hands down the best Banh Mi anywhere. I've been to quite a few places including Saigon Sandwich in the city. don't get me wrong, their pork sandwich is killer. But this is my all time favorite and it's right in my hometown. The #1 and #7 are my favorite."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Frank L.', '4', "I've got the Grilled Pork and Steamed Pork sandwiches and enjoyed them both. There is lots of flavor in the pork and its 10 times better than Lee's Sandwich. I also like the Vietnamese Coffee. They have rice plates on the left side when you first enter and its reasonably price. I haven't tried the rice items but they looks pretty good. Only thing I didn't like about this place was there was always a homeless person begging in front of the store waiting for you to come out. My last visit they actually put up a sign that begging was illegal so the homeless man wasn't there anymore."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tina S.', '4', "Did the price go up $0.25?  Oh well. For 50 cents more you can get extra meat!  Get the number 7. It's good. I found peanuts in mine today... I don't remember that being there the last 3 times I had it!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angeline K.', '4', 'Decided to eat in this time and try the BBQ Bacon.  Much better!  The bread was warm and soft (maybe because I ate it right away?) and the BBQ Bacon was tender and juicy.  Loved it!  There was a little too much mayo for my liking, but overall a very pleasing sandwich.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Diana L.', '5', "I've been craving a Vietnamese sandwich for days and was told about this shop. Thanks to my trusty yelp app I found the place! It was a bit of a drive and there's a lot of construction so the 15min drive took almost 30min! The whole time I'm thinking these sandwiches better be worth it especially since it's a totally ghetto area!  One bite of my #1 and I knew it was all worth it! I ordered another to go (yay for having the excuse of eating for two!) and picked up a bunch of yummy sweets for later. Their red rice with coconut is perfectly made and the banana/coconut tapioca is almost as good as my Moms :) The women behind the counter we're also courteous which is a huge bonus since Asian markets/deli's aren't exactly known for there customer service.  If you want an amazing combination sandwich and other treats, make the drive and you won't be disappointed!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lisa T.', '4', "Love the sandwiches!   I got the basic--Banh Mi Thit for $2.50.  It was warm and a little crispy just the way I like it.  I can taste the pate and butter in every bite.  I don't think I've had better Banh Mi Thit than HL.  I also bought a whole, meaty duck.  The duck came with a lot of sauce and had a nice, crispy skin.  The Cha Ca (fried fishcake) was very tasty!          There's a good variety of authentic Viet food and a fine selection of drinks at a decent price.  This place is the perfect place to buy food when you're too lazy to cook or don't know how to cook Vietnamese food.  There's dinner foods to eat with rice such as Bitter Melon Soup, Thit Kho, and some Chinese dishes.  If you are craving for something other than the sandwiches, you better get there early because they run out of most rice plates and snacks by the afternoon everyday!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hayden N.', '4', "Cheap and good Vietnamese sandwiches.  I don't get enough Vietnamese food living in Fresno that I went crazy there...I got roasted duck and all the specialty dishes.  I like that it's in small, individual serving for $3 each!  I hoarded a lot of food and just ate it for lunch and dinner for a week."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chris C.', '5', "Huong Lan Sandwich is quickly becoming a family favorite. Went here today to get lunch for my whole family, and everyone was pleased. My mom's addicted to the banh mi ca moi (sardine sandwich), which is amazing because she can be a little picky. So I have give this place extra points for that. The first two times I went, I had the barbecue chicken sandwich (I still forget the name), but today I tried the banh mi xiu mai (meatball sandwich). This is gonna be my new favorite. Meaty, juicy, and flavorful, but at the same time (paired with the vegetables), it was nice and light. Halfway through, I was worried I'd run out of meatball before I'd finished the sandwich. They had just the right amount, though, so I happily devoured it all.  Seriously, great sandwiches for a great value. This place definitely deserves five stars!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Calvin A.', '4', "I've been getting banh mi from this as long as I can remember, and it is definitely my go to spot for it.  I always get the #1 with the different types of ham and meat, and my girlfriend gets the thit nuong (grilled pork). While the prices did jump up from before (I think they were $2 before and now its $3 for a sandwich), the price still can't be beat! The sandwiches typically come with more pate and meat than at Lee's. Sometimes, they do go overboard with the mayo/butter, so if that's not your thing, tell them not to put too much in the sandwich.  Solid place for a banh mi"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Pauline N.', '5', "3 dollars for quality banh mi? Yes please. I always order the BBQ chicken sandwich here and my boyfriend loves the BBQ pork. I'm a regular here and absolutely love these sandwiches, literally no other banh mi shops compare to this one. Even when I went to Vietnam, the banh mi paled in comparison. I'm moving to San Diego for school soon and I admit one of the places I will miss most is Huong Lan."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ana Maria S.', '5', "Great to go sandwiches and to go rolls in the San Jose little Vietnam area. Their bread is delicious, the fillings are great with super good meats and the ratio of vegetables and meat is a-ok!  I love picking up the packaged rolls and trying each kind out. I really don't know which one is which and what's really in them, but I've definitely enjoyed each one. Their smoothies and milk teas are also pretty awesome. The prices are great and have lots of snacks and other goodies to try out. My favorite place to go for a Vietnamese sandwich fix in the Bay"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tiff C.', '3', 'I used to come here all the time for Viet sandwiches and spring rolls before heading out to Gilroy. The prices are right and the food is good. Their sandwiches are really cheap compared to SF prices.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Philana C.', '5', "Cheap Vietnamese sandwiches under $3!! Whenever I'm in SJ, I always try to stop by. There are many sandwich options to pick from. I have tried their combination, shredded pork, bbq pork, and grilled pork sandwiches. All of them were delicious! The bread was toasted and fresh. This place also have rice plates, spring rolls, drinks, and etc. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good and cheap Vietnamese sandwich!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Helen L.', '3', "I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and I needed to drink a good amount of liquid after wards. I suspect there's some MSG in there. Otherwise, the sandwich was good, crunchy, oven warmed, good amount of meat, and fillings, and cheap!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hannah L.', '4', "I can't believe I haven't wrote a review for Huong Lan already! I mean I frequent the place a lot and I guess I just never got to it. This place is awesome! The sandwiches are so good and cheap! I usually get the bbq chicken banh mi with extra daikon and carrots with soybean milk or coconut water. Never fails! All the tasty food here is very cheap and yummy. I've never really had the hot food, but the sandwiches and the prepared dishes to go are good. The shrimp salad to go and the banh cuon is always a great alternative to banh mi if you're not up for a carbilicious baguette. My only gripe is that Huong Lan SJ only takes cash. Boo!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Benny A.', '4', 'Fish cake and vegetarian sandwiches were great.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Norman W.', '4', "I've been told that the Huong Lan on Tully is the best one. Yes, it's definitely big and has lots of stuff. Is it better than the other Huong Lan's? I'm not so sure about that. To be fair, the only other one I've been to is the one in Milpitas. I don't think Huong Lan on Tully exceeds the one in Milpitas.  Overall, it's great. Sandwiches are cheap and tasty. This place in on par with Cam Hong in Oakland Chinatown which is my go to Viet shop in the east bay. They have a hot deli items section which I'm tempted to try next time. Vietnamese hot food items? Is that any different than Chinese hot food items"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nancy H.', '4', "For the last decade or so, I've only liked vietnamese sandwiches at Cam Huong in Oakland Chinatown. But I have to say this place is pretty darn good. The sandwiches were fresh, flavorful, and a little saucy, which was a pleasant addition. I'm tempted to say they were even a little better than Cam Huong, but I'd feel like a traitor.  Although, the rice plates are still better at Cam Huong. It's just not right without the broken rice."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Melanie B.', '3', 'I forgot I\'ve been to this joint before. I was freaking tired to cook after an 8 mile run, so I saw my friend\'s "Four Square" check-in on Facebook. I decided to have some Banh Mi for dinner. I grew up eating a lot of Vietnamese food, so this is real comfort food. I ordered the #1 with the ham, pate, mayo, pickled daikon & carrots, and jalapeno. I also ordered a Green Bean Tapioca Milk Tea.  They also sell some Vietnamese food products and pre-packaged fresh food. I guess you can always pick up some shrimp paste and Nuoc Cham while waiting for your sandwiches :) The sandwich is a decent size and the bread is pretty good. I wished they had some Giò Lua (the ones with the black peppercorns are my fav.) in it. I like all the fixings on my Banh Mi. The lady put too much mayo on it. I had to scrap some of it off. That\'s a heart attack just waiting to happen! You can\'t go wrong for $2.50 a sandwich. The service is fast!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'vinh t.', '3', 'Huong Lan offers Vietnamese sandwiches, snacks , comfort foods and deli BBQ items. The sandwiches are tasty and cheap. The bums that hang outside are harmless   :)']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'H I.', '5', 'Hands Down the BEST SANDWICHES! I like either the grilled pork sandwich with peanuts or the plain ham sandwich. Be careful of the raw jalapenos, I definitely cried biting into one =)']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anne A.', '5', "Amazing quality and price! crunchy bread and super large sandwiches! Tasty and will go back if I'm in the area"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sonal P.', '3', "Sad to say that the rave reviews made us drive all the way to this place only to be disappointed. I do remember having sandwiches from this location more than 6-months ago, which were AMAZING. But I also remember bringing them home and heating them under the grill before munching on them. That's really what was missing for us this time... the sammies were COLD so the baguette did some serious ripping damage to the inside of our mouths, while the grilled pork (far nicer than the bbq pork btw) left little to satisfy with the lack of taste and the fact that it was refrigerator temp COLD!! Not happy :( But I'm giving them three stars, because I know the sandwiches were yummy after being heated. This is definitely NOT the best banh mi in town!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Zu W.', '5', "The best vietnamese sandwiches!!! The best roast duck!! and some PRETTY DAMN GOOD BBQ Pork.  My bf and I live in the city now, and whenever we get vietnamese sandwich, roast duck or bbq pork, we always compare it to this spot.  And so far we haven't found a spot that can match up to any of these items.  But what can you do, it's so far away.  When we do come back here tho, we always make it a point to get the steam pork, the meat ball (not the sui mai but the other one) and the bbq pork sandwiches to bring home back to sf.   The prices are cheap and it's definitely filling.  Can't wait for the next time I go back to San Jose.  It's a must have!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christine L.', '4', "What?!  $2.50 for a banh mi with no tax?? And they offer other Vietnamese delights!! My eyes were kept wandering around even after I placed my sandwich order. My senses were confused and felt the sandwich wouldn't be enough. How about spring rolls or shredded pork vermicelli too??  It was a good thing they took cash only, so that limited my purchase and possible tummy ache from being over indulgent. Banh mi thit nuong hit the spot. French roll was toasted to perfection. Vinegared veggies were generously portioned. Right amount of jalepeno, cilantro, pate and mayo.  Dear Mr/Ms Houng Lan owner, please consider opening a place in SF's FiDi! We're in desperate need of good quality banh mi!! Thank you."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lisa G.', '4', "Mine and my family's favorite place for sandwiches and Iced mochas! :) I recommend if you eat it later to ask for the vegetables on the side. They did get more expensive and less meat, but still worth the trip when I'm in the area."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Donald B.', '5', 'Yelp hits a home run for us again!!!  We are out of towners wanting a sandwich and fellow yellpers said this place was great, cheap, etc.  It is a market/food place which specializes in great sandwiches on great bread.  There are 4 long tables in the rear where you can eat your sandwiches family style with whoever else is there.  There are Chinese barbecued chickens, ducks,pigs, etc hanging up like they do in China and Vietnam.  There is a separate line to order your sammies and drinks and you should go to the right and review the intriguing list of Vietnamese concoctions you can order.  We got a 16 and 23 and they were good. Going here is a real experience and if you want a top quality sandwich on a baguette that is great, for really inexpensive, this is the place.  We got the barbecued chicken and grilled pork sandwiches and they were good.  They had great veggies on them.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tan H.', '5', "I love the banh mi.They gave me so many toppings.Like so many toppings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.i had to buy another one after that. Compare Lee's sandwiches and Huong Lan Sandwiches,which one is bigger? i would guess HUONG LAN!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny A.', '5', 'Seriously, everything about this place is amazing. Quick service, cheap, and amazing food!! I love all their packaged sweets, I always always have a weakness and gravitate towards them.  I speak maybe half a lick of Vietnamese, and the ladies working there are also so nice and helpful when I come in and ask for a large order of something.  I hate the location, but the food and cheap prices makes up for it.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ivan D.', '5', "I'm giving this establishment 5 stars for these two reasons.  1 - Best Vietnamese sandwiches in the Bay Area, hands down.  2 - Cost...CHEAP!  $2.50 for the sammich.  Only gripe I have is this is a CASH ONLY shop.  Otherwise, I love this place."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David N.', '4', "Not sure how much I can add to this well reviewed place. They sell a variety of vietnamese sweet plates, drinks, and most importantly the sandwiches. They also have a butcher booth if you want to purchase poultry or meats. The Banh Mi (viet sandwich) is pretty good here. Grilled pork is tasty. Bread is toasted. Could have sworn there was some peanut kinda sauce in there that made it kinda good, gave it a different taste/texture. Personally, next time I would skip the onions and jalapenos. For you cilantro haters, make sure to tell them to take that out too (I love cilantro so not a problem for me!). Price can't be beat at $2.50 a sandwich and heck yea it's better than Lee's!! There's a sit down area too but all the chairs were up by 8:45pm when I came in. Next time I will have to try out the vietnamese cold drinks that they have in the refrigerator. They all sound very yummy! Though if you want the best banh mi you've ever tasted, you'll have to go to Saigon Sandwich in SF. Otherwise, this will do for now =)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'S C.', '5', "This place is awesome and the customer service is great! I only had $2.75 for a sugar cane drink which cost $3 and they gave me a discount on it so I could try it :) which made me feel bad because the margins on this place must be incredibly thin.  It was a really good drink, and I saw them put sugar cane stalks and an orange in it to make it fresh. Like a very sweet yet mild orange juice.  For the price the sandwiches and spring rolls are fantastic; they have a variety of really delicious che drinks too. I've never had a better banh mi for $3.25... I think they put slightly too little fillings in proportion to the bread, which is very white and un-complex, but the fillings make up for it. No credit cards, but you can get like 10 items for $20, so who needs it.  Downsides: they leave packaged meats out on the counter at room temperature, not sure how long it's been there :\\"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Takeo E.', '4', "So, yeah had a craving for Vietnamese food on a cold rainy evening, and found this place nearby. They are sterotypical asian market but they have a sandwich deli inside. The price is killer at $2.50 avg for a very well stocked Banh Mi sandwich. I couldn't believe my first bite! This stuff is great! And for that $2.50 price I got a sandwich that could easily cost me 3 times that size at subway, with a flavor you're neva gonna git at any chain place.  They have other prepared food selections as well but can't comment yet as I have not tried them They do look good though!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tam T.', '5', "I heart heart heart this place. Everyone might be all hyped on this baguette bread Vietnamese sandwich but i personally don't like it, way too skinny and dry. I usually order either the #1 which is thit ngoui( can't spell it) but it has pate in it and I add the cha lua, bomb diggity!!! The bbq pork one is really good too. It has peanuts on it and I'm allergic but I still eat it, that's how good it is. Add sriracha on that BEEP and you'll be satisfied under $4 bucks!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'ant m.', '3', "I don't get why this place gets such high marks.  I can't quite put my finger on it, but there is something very unappetizing about the decor of this shop.  When I walk in, it stops my hunger cold in its tracks.  Maybe its the grimy floors, or just the darkened back room that gives me the creeps.  Many of the sandwiches, like the bbq chicken or the shredded chicken, are much sweeter than I expected.   How did they get it so sweet? MSG? I'm not a huge fan of Lee's sandwiches, but the king road location is the best and I would choose that place over huong lan any day.  There is a psychological aspect to food, and this place has that EWWWWW! factor that shuts down salivary glands and turns my stomach to stone."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thuyvi M.', '5', 'Huong Lan is the sh*t way better then Lees imo.  I been coming here for many years.  Prices are decent and food is always yummy! Theres also food to go thats really good like homemade vietnamese food.  When I was younger and my mom didnt want to cook after getting off work she would stop by and pick up different dishes and all we had to do was cook some rice!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christine N.', '4', "Wow. Best avocado shake I've tasted. It's sweet just as I like it. It's kinda hard to drive on Tully Rd with all the crazy Asian drivers, but it's worth it to come here. Their banh mi here is good too. I remember their roast duck and roast pork used to be better though..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'T S.', '4', "Tried it for the first time today. Had a #4 Ga Nuong and #5 Xa Xiu Banh Mi sandwich. The #5 (BBQ Pork) was served to me cold. I prefer the BBQ pork to be warm/hot.  #4 (Chicken) was warm/hot with just enough juice to flavor the bread. Both sandwiches had a good amount of meat and veggies. The meat was sliced thin. Bread was soft with nice outer crunch. I prefer the BBQ sandwich at Lee's because I like it warm/hot and the BBQ at Lee's taste more like BBQ should taste like. The chicken was great. I look forward to trying more sandwiches off their menu."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nicole Z.', '5', "BEST place for Banh Mi!! And the prices are nice and low. I also love all the goodies they have there. Being a white girl and going there I thankfully don't get glared as much as other places I go to for Vietnamese food."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Brandon L.', '1', "Yuk Yuk Yuk....Use to go here all the time for Vietnamese Sandwiches, snack and Chinese BBQ meat but increasingly annoyed of their horrible services.  The people work at the hot food table are pretty scary, they will curse at you if you ask questions or indecisive.  They will ignore you sometime unless you ask them to serve you.  Anyhow, today I came back to get some food for my mother for dinner.  There was a few customers there and I saw an old lady standing at the cashier picking her nose continuously and when I came to the table to pay she wipe her fingers over a piece of paper once (didn't bother to wash hand) and then pack my food, ew ew ewwww, I was so gross and didn't know if I should continued to buy the food or not.  But I buy it anyway and told myself not to come back here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lanh T.', '5', 'Their sandwiches beats all other competitors in taste and price. By the way, their roasted quail is recommended, and roasted pork (mini one) is so delicious. This place provide food with consistency in taste and freshness. Need to add credit card for large order or catering clients.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John L.', '5', 'I really like the sandwiches here. I get the BBQ. YUM!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sarah-Lorraine L.', '4', "Whenever I ate Vietnamese sandwiches, I always thought of Lee's Sandwiches because after all, it IS a chain and I felt it was the only one out there overshadowed by all the Pho shops around town. Friends of mine ALWAYS spoke about this place, but I never went until a few months ago. Their sandwiches are AMAZING! Super yummy goodness, especially since they use freshly toasted soft French rolls instead of hard old baguettes like Lee's Sandwiches does. I hate how it's located on Tully, because the traffic there is for the most part, horrible, but it's all worth it once I get my hands on their filling sandwiches!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lisa N.', '4', "I love their sandwiches here! It's one of the best places in San Jose.  I always get the thit nuong(grilled BBQ pork) and the Cha. Their desserts are good too. The Thai dessert in the fridge is yummy!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alan C.', '4', "Huong Lan has the BEST banh mi.   cured pork (all is good but this is my fav) $2.50 yes please.  Service was fast and food was great. not much need for anything else here, i usually just get this to go.  This place is perfect when you are looking for a quick/cheap lunch! or dinner if you're in the mood"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael D.', '5', 'If you like "exotic" flavors in an easy to eat medium this is the place. Prices are very affordable. They\'re just plain damn good sandwiches!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Valerie N.', '4', 'very inexpensive banh mi.  their banh mi xa xiu is my fav here. this place also sell other goodies too!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gabie T.', '4', "I go here every morning for coffee and breakfast.  One of the few places left that have good Vietnamese coffee.  Most places now have that crappy instant powered stuff.   They have good sandwiches and don't skippy on meat.  They have great variety of other stuff too.  IF you don't know much about Vietnamese food, then go here and just try something new each time you go.  Good place to sample because it pretty cheap."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Karina G.', '5', "It's official, 5 stars. Every single time I come here the quality is consistent, the staff is friendly, the sandwiches are uber delicious and it's CHEAP. I finally tried one of their packaged deli items which sit on the counters for the first time today - it was roasted chicken (leg + thigh) over rice with a few veggies - and it was freaking amazing. The food was bordering on the warm to cold side but for a cold rice dish this was as good as it gets. (Food may be warmer if you come earlier). The chicken was super flavorful and chicken juices + magic fish sauce + rice = tummy heaven. One of the best parts? Chicken rice dish was a grand total of $3.00. Next time, I'm trying the roast duck. In fact, the chicken rice dish was soooooo good I might be taking a hiatus from viet sandwiches for awhile."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chinmayi B.', '4', "Really like their vegetarian bahn mi here. Pair it with their freshly squeezed sugarcane juice (with a touch of freshly squeezed orange juice) to wash down the sandwich. They also have a variety of vietnamese desserts you can try.  What would make this veggie bahn mi even better is if you combine the marinated tofu from the veggie bahn mi at Saigon Sandwiches (in SF), since theirs is slightly wet and Huong Lan's is dry and crunchy. Mouth watering-ly delicious!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christina N.', '5', "I love their banh mi, better than thanh huong  and definitely better than lee's sandwhich. The ladies up front are really sweet and friendly too :)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Leeann C.', '4', "YUM! I don't normally have Vietnamese sandwiches (nor do I usually crave them), but I came here a couple Saturdays ago for lunch with a friend. I ordered the BBQ pork sandwich with Vietnamese coffee. $2.50 for a sandwich?? Can't really beat it. The coffee was actually more expensive than the sandwich. I really liked the meat -- very tasty! The bread was a little too toasted for my liking, but the overall flavor was spot on. This is a great (and very authentic looking) place in San Jose. -L."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric H.', '5', "Never come here hungry, you'll go broke 2 dollars at a time. Way better sandwich than Lee's Sandwich. The BBQ pork is actually meat instead of the fatty pork at Lee's. Everything is fresh and I mean fresh. The sugar cane drink was ground from real sugar canes, I watched them do it. Plus all the other little goodies there, I barely made it out of there with any money left in my pocket. Not because they are expensive, but like I said in the beginning, I was hungry so I wanted a little bit of everything.  All in all I recommend this place to anyone looking for an amazing sandwich at an amazing price. Oh the steam buns are good too, and the sugar cane drink, and the spring rolls, and the....."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'K. C.', '4', 'Love this place. Really good sandwich portions and the bread is awesome. Crunchy outside and fluffy inside- perfectly toasted']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'jerry h.', '2', "To Huong Lan,  I am writing this review as I am chewing on my Vietnamese sandwich that I bought less than 15 minutes ago.  As I reminisce of the airey bread with the moist doughy center that Huong Lan used to embody, my mouth speaks a different tone. I'm crunching on the exact opposite; dry and stale bread.  I can't believe this happened to me. I came at peak hours too, 10:30 AM when there is a high turnover of sandwiches.  Well what can you expect from a place that doesn't bake their own bread?  I am in denial that this place has gone significantly down hill.  But to add insult to injury, I also picked up a pound of roast pork (Lechon) that definitely looked appetizing, but was dry and tough as jerky.   It's like going to a Korean massage parlor, and never being offered a happy-ending massage.  Maybe today was a fluke. I will give her a last chance some other time  But the roast pork incident was inexcusable. China Station BBQ next to Lion market across the street is 10x better.   I hope you revert back to your ways as I have remembered you.                                                  Sincerely your customer since 1999,                                                                 The Hoangster."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chili B.', '4', "Really cheap. Really good. Lots and lots of Butter. The BBQ Chicken sandwich sure hits the spot. These sandwiches are darn big, filling and darn delicious. The chicken is moist and flavorful. Nevermind the extreme amount of butter on the sandwich. And you have to ask for jalapenos.  The BBQ Pork was also very good.  The shredded pork was GROSS - yuck won't make that mistake again.....stick to BBQ. This place has tons of food and is a little convenient store filled with Asian goodies. The lady at the counter was a bit cranky Definitely a great find."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lu W.', '4', "This is the exact embodiment of my ideal Asian restaurant - CHEAP, tasty, bearably chaotic and blissfully indifferent to their customers.  One sandwich would usually suffice, but I couldn't resist the $2.50 price and got a pair of grilled pork sandwiches. Packed with fresh cilantro, bell pepper, jalapeno and fabulously marinated and grilled pork, this is a serious gourmet sandwich. The bread is soft and chewy inside with a crispy shell - something I imagine would be very difficult to make at home. I'm not a big fan of the scantily dressed Vietnamese singers on TV, however. It was a distraction from my delicious sandwich and funny Friday afternoon conversation with my colleagues. We drove 8 miles to this unusually highly rated place for lunch, and it's worth every bit of the effort."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stephen N.', '5', "I love this place! I'm not going to touch on the sandwiches because everyone else has already said how bomb they are. But the hot dishes here are good too. The soy sauce chicken is very good, duck is tasty, and the canh chua (cat fish sour soup) here is not bad Come here for cheap, quick food!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Davis D.', '4', "I woke up from a powernap and had a random craving for Vietnamese sandwiches so I decided to make my way over the hill. I looked this place up and was so excited to see that it had a whopping 4.5 starts out of over 100 reviews! I ordered 6 sandwiches, some nem, some banh cuon, and tea. All of this came out to about $26!! I tried out the bbq pork, bbq chicken, and the special combination sandwich.  The combination was my favorite, but if you're not the adventurous type, or like to actually know what your meat is made of, then go with the pork which was equally delicious. Their sandwiches are filled with a ton of meat and veggies, but the one thing that I thought would've turned them into a 5 star spot would be to have fresh bread or the skinny baguettes.  The bread was a little stale, whereas I've had fresh, soft, and warm baguettes from other sandwich spots.  But for $2.50 for a packed 8-inch sandwich, no one should ever really complain.  Their nem was also delicious and didn't taste cheap. They were also quick with my order, I got everything within 5 minutes.  Excellent. Oh yea, CASH ONLY."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jacqueline N.', '5', "I don't know why I don't go to this place more often! The food here is fresh, and there are so many choices. My favorite is the roasted pork. They freshly cut it to the size and weight you want. Don't forget to ask for extra of the sauce though. The Vietnamese iced coffee here is really good and strong and definitely worth the month. They have banh cuong, asian desserts, vietnamese sandwiches and even pearl drinks. Not to mention fresh roasted duck, bbq pork and many asian style dishes. You can get rice with two different sides for a good price. Love it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny R.', '4', 'They have a lot of different stuff to try out. The sandwiches are one of the best Vietnamese sandwiches I had. I always go there to buy their grill pork sandwich, veggie sandwich, roasted duck, and pork tamales. Prices are reasonable too. Downside: The place needs an update and to be kept cleaner.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yiming F.', '5', "The best Bahn Mi sandwiches place in town. Great price, and taste overall. They packs their sandwich with meats. The special combination's bahn mi is on the secret menu, but it worth the four dollars."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna T.', '5', "So good!  They don't skimp on the meat and fillings at this place and it's made fresh to order so the bread is always perfect.  I also really liked their Jackfruit smoothie with tapioca pearls.  Just a tip: try to get them to put in less pearls or just go without it at all since the smoothies are really thick and made from real fruit! #1 headcheese sandwich for life baby.   Also, very important to note that there is variation between the different Huong Lan shops.  This is by far the busiest, tastiest, and freshest.  I want to go here weekly!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alicia T.', '4', "This place is a fantastic little treat.  If you feel brave enough to deal with the perpetually nasty traffic along Tully, it's a total win.   My bbq chicken sandwich was very tasty, with perfect bread.  The crust was crispy, and left a fine powder of crumbs everywhere (be aware of this if you're going somewhere improtant after) and the inside was soft and pillowy, and wonderful.  The meat portion was not super heavy, but just right.  The pickled veggies were tangy and delicious.  Whoever decided that fresh jalapenos had a place on sandwiches should be placed on a pedestal. Really though, the show-stealer was the spring rolls.  I don't normally chance stuff in the little cellophane packages, cause heaven knows how long they've been there, right?  But, while I was waiting to order, a busy little woman brought out a bunch of them and started arranging them right in front of me.  How could I say no?  Shrimp, pork, and assorted greenery in a pretty little clear rice-stuff wrapper.  No gummy vermicelli to be found, just a lovely little salad in a roll, with really tasty peanut sauce for dipping.  I should have gotten two."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny L.', '5', 'My favorite place for Vietnamese sandwiches.  their roast posk, bbq pork and soy chicken are the BEST! by far.  My family and I are regulars here, even the butchers even know us by now.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eva G.', '3', "We got the banh mi and a package of steamed pork. The banh mi wasn't that good because they don't put as much filling in them, but at about $2.75, I understand why even the undomiciled in San Jose hang around outside at night; it doesn't cost much to attain a whole sandwich dinner. I got some desserts, but since there were some hairs underneath the cellophane wraps, I wouldn't really trust the sanitary conditions behind the kitchen. I don't know exactly how my headcheese was made and what it was made of, but the good thing is, I didn't get sick."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cherryl D.', '4', "My Ratings: Quantity - 4 Stars Quality - 4 Stars Price - 4 Stars  Location - 2 Stars  Service - 2 Stars  Speed - 4 Stars  My Opinion/Story: Definitely a level above Lee's Sandwich.  Ok, so the place isn't as nice and clean as Lee's Sandwich place but I'll excuse the place for their delicious sandwich.  They give alot more meat, their bread tastes better, and they're alot cheaper.  Add an egg to your sandwich and that sandwich will fill you up any day.  Service is ok, depending on who you'll end up getting.  Come across an old lady and you'll have to talk slow and repeat yourself several times to get your order.  Their drinks are good but they don't give alot.  Their drinks costs as much as your sandwich so to get the best out of your meal, get your drink some place else.  Other than that, this place rocks!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer N.', '4', "A million times better than Lee's crappish banh mi. Although I do remember when Lee's was not a chain and very tasty. This is where my mama-bear always goes to pick up sandwiches for road trips, weekend brunches, and school lunches. We've been visiting this place since its existence I think. The bread is very satisfying, as are the rest of the ingredients. Now whenever I'm back in San Jose visiting, I always try to snag a couple banh mi before I leave."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John O.', '5', "Iv'e been to many Vietnamese sandwich shops and when my friend introduced me to this place at first i was skeptical and didn't trust my friend because he said it was the BOMB. I got the number 7 grilled pork sandwich and the number 1 combination sandwich and finally when i got my food i took a bite and it was delicious! I wanted to get another one but i was way to full. I encourage all of you to try this at least once! so bomb!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ly D.', '5', "Huong Lan has the best Vietnamese sandwiches! My personal favorite is the steamed pork, veggies on the side. (: I like their regular rolls instead of baguette but you can ask for that instead if you'd like (I think there's an extra 50 cent charge). For only $2.50 (including tax) it's the best deal you can possibly get! There are so many different kinds of sandwiches that it's hard not to find one that will suit you. I've also had some of their other stuff like che xoi nuoc and the pre-wrapped foods like the spring rolls or steamed buns are also yummy. I would definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone to try! Once you come here for your sandwiches, you'll never go to Lee's again! Oh & it's cash only!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angelo B.', '4', 'So for the past few days my wife has had a sandwich craving and she let it be known. I offered up my ideas...Mexico Bakery Milanesa Torta....Chalateco Cubano Torta....Willow Glen Meat Co Tri Tip sandwich. All ideas, although tempting were not the type to push her button on this day.  As we were sitting around pondering her cravings we were watching Eye on the Bay or something like that and there was a Vietnamese joint being featured. She yelled! Banh Mi!!!! Not knowing wtf she said, I scooted over and said "What do you want me to do to you?" She explained it was a sandwich and I scooted by into my dented area of the couch. Today we\'re all home, she\'s not feeling well so I decided to get her a Banh Mi. Checked Yelp on the  best joints to hit up and Huong Lan was the highest and most rated, a pretty mean feat to get 4 1/2 stars with 134 reviews! Gotta be good right? Right!!! I got a #7 for myself, the bread was warm, crusty on the outside and chewy in the middle, the grilled pork salty/sweet and juicy, the pickled veggies, jalapenos, onions and cilantro added nice textures and flavors to the sandwich and the mayo just topped it all off. No Complaints. My wife got a #5 BBQ pork sandwich and she said she liked it, but she preferred mine. I did take a bite of it, but I went right back to mine and now I forget how hers was, yes the Grilled Pork is so much better than the BBQed version. When ordering, go straight to the register and order, I did and it worked. So if you walk in confused go ahead and go to the register and place it. 2 sandwiches at $5 with all the fixins and to top it all off the stuff was tasty as hell.  Huong Lan\'s #7 Banh Mi equivalent in my book is Mexico Bakery\'s Milanesa Torta.  OH YEAH...It\'s CASH ONLY!!!! But there\'s an ATM machine inside if you need it.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jasper P.', '4', "Great Banh Mi, really reasonable prices. No doubt this is kind of out of the way for me, but I have been on a Vietnamese sandwich kick for the last 6 months and I will drive to satisfy my craving.  They make a really good banh mi. I usually go for bbq pork or chicken. Both were really good. I wish there were more jalapenos in the sandwich, but maybe that's just me."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'brad w.', '4', 'I have been coming here for years. Their sandwiches have always been perfect for me. However, the last 2 times I came here, the bread seems to be hard and crumbling apart. I took a bite of the sandwich and it literally broke into a thousand pieces. I guess I have been unlucky these 2 times that I came here  and received those day old bread.  The meat and ingredients inside the sandwich were fresh and tasty.  Overall, more often than not, you will get those yummy warm & toasty bread.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Judi K.', '5', 'man, why does San Jose have all the best Vietnamese Sanwich shops! Good price and great dessert drinks too!!  My family and I ordered a lot of sandwiches on mothers day! Since it was her favorite, we drove all the way from SF to SJ..  Yes, you can say it, we love our mom!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bruce H.', '5', 'Best Grilled Pork Sandwich I have eaten...and such a value! Get the extra meat option (For a whopping 50 cents extra) and you will not be disappointed! $3.25 and I was full till dinner!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lena H.', '4', "goodbye lee's.. welcome back huong lan!  im pretty sure this is the place my parents used to get viet sandwiches when i was a kid. if its not.. it sure does bring back memories.. i went with my usual cha lua.. or they call it steamed pork.. but after trying the grilled pork sandwich.. i traded with the P.  the bread is soft here which i like.. but it gets soggy fast.. i like how they ask if you want everything on it.. im guessing they mean the jalapenos.. i always ask for it.. thinking i can eat it.. but the jalapeno slices are fresh or something cuz they are spiiiicy! i think maybe cuz the seeds are still there.. anyhoo.. this is my new old place to go for viet sandwiches.. yum!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hasham Y.', '4', "they make great sandwiches. they have lot of packaged food items and  hot cooked food as well. I always get either the fish cake or vegetarian sandwich. hearty and healthy portions for only $2.50 and after eating it i always think LIFE IS GOOD. I eat here quite often so be assured it is well worth it.  The also sell fresh sugar cane juice. Vietnamese sandwich can't get better than this!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Evie B.', '4', "Got my banh mi fix here the other day and it was really flavorful. And for the price of $2.75 per sandwich you definitely feel like you're getting a deal. It was filling and stuffed with banh mi goodness. Quick and efficient service as well."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Melanie A.', '3', "Why do vietnamese sandwiches always make the roof of my mouth hurt so much?  I mean, I know it's the bread, but ouch! My husband loves the BBQ pork sandwich here.  The sandwich is huge, the pork is sweet and delicious, and it's only $2.50. I ordered the vegetarian sandwich, because I'm not a big fan of meat, and I actually think that Lee's does vegetarian sandwiches better.  The vegetarian sandwich at Huong Lan had pickled vegetables and pieces of fried something, but at Lee's, I can get a sandwich with cheese and tons of avocado.   On the other hand, Huong Lan is much more interesting than Lee's. And there are many more food options than just sandwiches.  We also ordered super strong and bitter milk tea and brought home a dessert made with bananas, tapioca, and coconut milk.  The milk tea was not good, but the mystery dessert was pretty yummy.  Huong Lan is a little chaotic, a little dingy looking, and I'm still not sure how I feel about the unrefrigerated meat items I saw sitting out to purchase, like the pork chop wrapped in saran wrap?   But my hubby loves the BBQ pork sandwiches here and the price is right, so once my mouth heals, we'll probably go here again."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alice L.', '4', "this has got to be the biggest Huong Lan I've been to.  I thought the one in South Sacramento was big (compared to the other one I went to in the bay) but this one is hugggeee. We came here for dessert after boiling crab and of course the dessert was delicious! We got the banh lot (sp?) che, banh chuoi (that weird looking banana bread thing) & another one that I dont know what its called but its green :) all for only 550!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Loan L.', '5', "Since I haven't tried the other restaurants, i have nothing to really compare it to. I can compare it to chains like Subway and Speciality's though. Why on earth would people go there when they can get a yummy banh mi for a fraction of the price? I don't get it. Every time I get something here...it's so darn good. We always feel like we're ripping them off because of the amount of food we get...it's so cheap! Don't let the hanging, flattened ducks with head still on scare you because it's so tasty, moist, and very flavorful.  Same goes for the soy sauce chicken. We have also tried the egg rolls, spring rolls, boiled peanuts, boba milk tea and of course the bahn mi..which  were all so darn good. I feel like a kid in a candy store every time i go in there because i just want to buy every little packed goodie.  The parking lot is pretty horrendous though because not only is Houng Lan there, but also some large inexpensive grocery chain where people can't drive to save their life."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eye C U.', '4', 'Pretty cool place to get sandwiches.  Has a variety of things to eat....sandwiches, duck, and some pre-made items.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mimi L.', '3', "When I was just a little fatty and Huong Lan was located in downtown and not on the east side, these sandwiches were a treat compared to the ones in the area.  They were loaded with meat and the pate was thickly and evenly spread on the bottom of the roll and it was $1...I can still picture it now.  I know nowadays the grilled pork (thit nuong) is the most popular, but for me the classic bánh mì will always be the Vietnamese ham (sliced from a big block of ham with whole peppercorns), head cheese (like a fatty, gelatinous luncheon meat), pate, and homemade mayo (I remember someone died from salmonella poisoning from the mayo at the original Lee's Sandwiches back in the day).  But of course, things just aren't the same anymore.  I was really disappointed with my skimpy sandwich (less meat, very little pate) and the baguette was cold, but I guess $2.50 is a good deal nowadays.  I guess I'm not surprised that the quality's suffered with their popularity.  You always hear people ordering the sandwiches 20 at a time since that's what us Vietnamese like to eat on road trips to the beach and LA and stuff.  Huong Lan has about a million other things you can order that are tasty, but I just felt like reminiscing for a minute..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cassie H.', '4', "$2.50 Vietnamese sandwiches.  I LOVE the grilled pork bahn mi (#7).  It comes on a super fresh French roll, crunchy on the outside (but not too crunchy so that it cuts your mouth) and soft on the inside.  It is stuffed with tasty thin-sliced grilled pork and the usual onions, peppers, and pickled turnips and carrots.  It's just really good... and did I mention that it's only $2.50!!  So cheap (although I hear that for Vietnamese sandwiches this is actually kind of expensive!).  This is my favorite bahn mi place in the Bay area. The other things we've tried here have been kind of weird-tasting (like all those premade desserts - they look so yummy... but to taste so strange... maybe I'm just not used to those things).  Stick to the bahn mi and you'll be good though!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Derrick D.', '5', 'The one thing I really miss ever since leaving UC Irvine and Orange County besides the Mexican food was...the Viet sub.  The banh mi is one of my favorite Vietnamese food items next to pho...if it\'s done right.  The closest access for me to these Viet subs was the Lee\'s Sandwiches across campus.  When I tried, it was good.  However, I was a naive person at the time.  The Vietnamese community at the on-campus Interfaith center sometimes bring banh mi for Thursday lunch.  What they brought was spectacular!  I craved it even more during my four years...and I now STRONGLY dislike Lee\'s Sandwiches.   Ever since I moved back to NorCal,  I wanted to find a good Vietnamese sandwich place.  So, I skimmed through Yelp and found out about Huong Lan in San Jose.  What was great about this place was that it was first of all close to my grandparent\'s home, so it was simply convenient.  When I came in to Huong Lan, the memories of my time in Orange County flooded back in my mind.  It\'s exactly what I remembered it, many types of banh mi for a cheap price.  I tried the BBQ pork sandwich, and man it was just amazing.  It was just slices of sweet porky goodness with the pickled vegetables and that "mayonnaise" on a baguette with a crusty exterior and a soft interior.  I was in banh mi heaven.   The service was quick.  They also have other food items if you are not in the mood for Vietnamese Sandwiches.  If you have never tried a banh mi and you live in the Bay Area, this place is a great start!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tetsu N.', '4', "Cobber is a guru, and whatever the guru says holds true. There are times when I find myself in this general area, and when I do, there are few places more suited to my broke bastardliness than a $2.5 sandwich.  This place just rocks! And in case you haven't noticed from all the other reviews yet, the thing to order, and there's really only one thing to order, is #7, the grilled pork sandwich.  The meat is perfect, as is the bread, and this sammich tastes good even when you buy it for take out and eat it at home."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lolia S.', '3', "The inside looks like a rundown, dirtier version of the nearby Lee's Sandwiches.  Like Lee's, HL has a deli section with Vietnamese dishes (e.g., catfish), wrapped deli items (sweet things, savory rice rolls, meats), frozen items, tapioca drinks, and a seating area.   I ordered a grilled pork sandwich ($2.50): good value, decent sandwich.  The bread is more like a roll - very toasty on the outside and soft on the inside, but not chewy like a good baguette should be.  You will not be able to avoid having crumbs everywhere.  To me this is a sign of using cheap bread. They give you more filling than Lee's and the pork is tasty and flavorful (lower quality than Saigon Sandwiches, of course).  The sandwich comes with sliced jalapenos, shredded carrots, cilantro, mayo, and daikon, plus chopped peanuts and onions.  The abundance of onions makes it different.   I like Lee's bread better but prefer HL's fillings better since Lee's is so skimpy.  The sandwich is saltier than average and the bread is just okay. Still, I would be willing to try other varieties. I also tried the pork meatballs - they're decent, chewy and firm, nothing special."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tim P.', '5', "This is my first review on Yelp and I just had to create an account just so I could praise this place.  I love Banh Mi and have been searching for good ones since returning home from college.  I was at a wedding and they had Lee's Sandwiches there and I thought those were great (not sure how much alcohol was controlling my taste buds though, haha).  I decided I wanted to try them again, but when I searched Yelp I read the great reviews for this restaurant.  I headed up to the restaurant which was clean and welcoming.  I got a BBQ Chicken, BBQ Pork, and, Grilled Pork , and an order of Vietnamese Spring Rolls.  Everything was great!  The bread was awesome, nice and crunchy.  The meat was not fatty, which I have experienced quite a few times with other Banh Mi.  The vegetables added a great contrast to the meat.  The spring rolls were good as well. Bottom line, I will definitely visit this restaurant again and so should you if you want good Banh Mi!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Madelyn Y.', '5', 'Cash only, lots of choices, and authentic. My fave one stop banh mi shop in the area!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nina M.', '1', "why!!!!!  I love banh mi's so much, and this was a really sad experience. :( or mabe just maybe i am spoiled with the great banh mi's in seattle and these sandwiches don't compare.  Why it didn't work  - chicken was pink  - mayonaise tastes overdue - the pickled ingredients were watery, which made the sandwich watery, which made me sad :(  - not enough cilantro and jalapenos - bad service ..... I even ordered in Vietnamese and was polite about it :( What made it work  - the baguette was toasted and fresh - the grilled pork was pretty good, I just wished it was fresh and instead of microwaved tasting (rubbery) :( I won't ever try this place again because I am never in San jose and I just took a drive here for their sandwiches and I was hella disappointed :("]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Patrick N.', '5', "Too all non Vietnamese people who go to Lee's Sandwiches.... STOP! It's a terrible representation of what Vietnamese sandwiches taste like. Huong Lan is one of my favorite locations to get sandwiches or other snack foods (sticky rice, bánh bèo, bánh giò etc.)  No credit cards and staff have limited English skills."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shirley N.', '5', "MY FAVORITE VIETNAMESE SANDWICH PLACE! I grew up coming to this place alot and have never been disappointed! I love the banh mi cha lua w/pate and extra Vietnamese mayo!  Inside the sandwich--your choice of meat, pickled carrots, jalapenos, cucumber, mayo, pate, and cilantro. You can always substitute or ask them to remove things you don't like. The sandwiches are always hot, crispy, soft and delicious! Not hard and crunchy like most places. Most of the sandwiches here are actually pretty good but that's my all time favorite. (Most of my family members get combination, lots of variety of meats) The have a variety of so many other dishes, desserts, drinks, chips, and etc. The place can be packed on weekends but the ladies here move quick! There's always a seating area if you want to grab some food and just have a quick lunch there!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gors P.', '5', "what i ordered... grilled pork sandwich still tthe best vietnamese sandwich place in san jo' and the whole bayarea... fyi! they also sell takeout combo plates of chinese and vietnamese dishes. ambiance... bad (it's a hole in a wall grocery store w/ tables and chairs) service... ok ( cashier smile's at the least, even though they couldn't understand what you said) cost... $- (way cheap... $2.75 for the sandwich)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'J O.', '4', 'I had the BBQ Pork sandwich and it was really flavorful and the price is amazing! I do wish they filled the sandwiches more, but I would definitely go back for more!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angela L.', '4', "FOOD: 1.) #1 Sandwich = Mm the bread is so fresh, it's lightly toasted and not too hard where it'll totally hurt the roof of your mouth.  2.) Strawberry Smoothie = Mm my drink of the Summer, from what I remember they're the best for Strawberry Smoothie SERVICE: Normal Vietnamese take-out ATMOSPHERE: Normal Viet take-out with all the saran wrapped foods in styrofoam plates, and other asian snackies and knick knacks. This one is bigger though and at least they have seating now."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rolf S.', '4', 'The current "average" review of Huong Lan is at a 4, and I\'ll agree with that statement. Sandwiches are good and cheap, but the athmosphere is a little chatotic. Expect to need to be "foreceful", as there really is no defined queue from which to order from, and he with the most elbows usually wins. Also, as noted by another reviewer, definitely better than Lee\'s sandwiches.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mary Ann M.', '4', "I have tried a number of Vietnamese sandwich places and this place tops it all so far.  I got the #1 ($2.75, combination) and it was filled with meat and veggies, and the bread was fresh.  It tasted perfectly.  My only complaint was that the wait was a bit long.  But that's expected since this is the banh mi spot in San Jose where everyone flocks to!  I was so tempted to try their spring rolls ($2.50 for a pack of 2) but since we went bonkers on buying sandwiches, we didn't have enough cash for the spring rolls.  Reminder - they only take cash!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Janice T.', '4', "I can't believe what I've been missing! This place is huge compared to many other Vietnamese delis. It sells everything one can think of at an Asian deli, including bbq and roast meats in the hot foods area. The Che is not overly sweet and I love the hard to find banh cuon. They make it with just enough pork and fungus filling. Yummy! I will be coming here quite often for quick to go lunches. Minus one star for cash only."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tony V.', '4', "This place is great. Get the BBQ chicken!  I haven't been here for awhile now but all i could remember is going here during school (shhhhh) and getting like 5 sandwiches and selling them at school, hahah. Anyways I really should come back and relive some of those memories."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Petra S.', '3', "After reading the rave reviews about this place and craving a good Viet sandwich we decided to drive all the way here from Vallejo. Once we got here I knew we had already been to this place before as there was horrible traffic in the area as well as an overcrowded parking lot. Once we were inside the line was crazy and took forever to get our orders. We ordered the grilled pork and the BBQ pork. My grilled pork had chopped peanuts in it which I didn't like and my hubby's BBQ pork was basically cold. I thought the sandwich here were OK at best but I wouldn't say they were better than Saigon Sandwiches in SF and the drive and traffic alone to get to the area would not be worth it. Perhaps they should list the peanuts in the ingredients later as many people could be allergic and you don't expect peanuts in a sandwich and they could also at last heat up their meat before serving it."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Totran M.', '5', "This is how Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) are suppose to be made! [None of that lee sandwiches poop]  The bread here is crunchy on the outside with lots of soft goodness on the inside. Stuffed with thick slices of meat, pickled vegetables, cilantro, sauced up and seasoned. This is my go to spot when I'm craving banh mi! P.S. The cafe sua da is also really good here. Definitely pick up a cup is you need to stay up for 5 days straight."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Juliane N.', '4', "Been coming here for 5-6 years now. Every time I go San Jose, I always have to come here to get some sandwiches, bread, steamed pork, or steamed bun. The combination sandwich is what I always get.. All different kind of meat and there bread is always so soft inside but crunchy outside. Bun Bao is really yummy here,, this is the only place I get it at.. It a steamed bun with egg, pork, corn, peas, etc. inside. It's a meal. There's always package food like spring rolls, rice noodle rolls with cha (steam pork) inside, and lots more to choose from. Prices are cheap but the service is either a hit or miss. The ladies behind the counter could be nice sometimes but they could also be a real bitch if you catch them on the wrong day.."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lisa N.', '4', "Out of all the places in San Jose, this one is my favorite. I've been going  here since I was a kid. I'm only reviewing this now because I had to order 20 sandwiches for work. I called in an hour early to place the order. I had to do two separate receipts and that was not a problem. The place is cash only. They wouldn't take credit cards over the phone. When I arrived to pick it up, the sandwiches were ready and on time. They different types of sandwiches were divided into bags and she helped me label them. This made it super easy to distribute at work. Thanks so much Huong Lan!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'hayden d.', '4', "This shop is on my way to work so my thing is to order the extra ham with extra pate. The ham isnt your average american ham. This has bits of fat in it and is definitely more flavorful. then you add in the cilantro, pickled daikon and carrots and asian mayo (dont know what else to call it) and a bottle of soy bean milk, you have a piece of divinity. For breakfast, although its not on the menu but is super good is I ask for a sandwich with Pate, mayo, Cha, and over easy egg and some pepper and soy sauce. That's it. The egg yolk, mayo, and pate fuses together and just melts in your mouth. Way tastier than an egg mcmuffin or mcgriddle. Note: To avoid cutting up my mouth eating vietnamese sandwhiches, I usually crush the bread and tear off the ends to soften it. Tha's my ritual anways."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Party R.', '1', 'I gave them a shot one last time and this indeed will be the last time.  The meat inside of my banh mi tasted old and had refrigerator smell.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Xue Y.', '5', 'I m a big fun of grilled port extra meat sandwich, will recommend it to all my friends!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cindy T.', '5', "My mom has been buying Vietnemese sandwiches from here since I was a little kid.  I think she said they used to cost only $1.50 back in the days, but now they are $3 which isn't bad.  I love, love the grilled pork sammie with no mayo.  They also have a lot of ready-to-go vermicelli dishes and other traditional Vietnemese desserts and things - all very cheap, too.  The Viet coffee is also one of my favorites.  Cash only."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Megan H.', '5', "I always get Thit Nuong (grilled pork) and they're very generous with the toppings. The bread is toasty and flaky and their sandwiches are only $2.50! Their random bites in saran wrap are better than other places too. I like that oily rice with chinese sausage and meat. I take their goodness for granted till I try sandwiches at other places and get bitterly disappointed. This is one of the best places for banh mi for sure."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jo T.', '4', 'So... I got the Ga Thit Nuong (BBQ Chx)... The bread is so warm and soft... melt in your mouth goodness!!  Super generous on the fixings too!!!  I would def come back!!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cynthia T.', '4', 'I was talking with a friend of a friend last month and I asked, "Have you ever been to that one Vietnamese sandwich place?" He replied, "You mean Huong Lan?" That\'s how good this place is. When you mention Vietnamese sandwiches no other place beats Huong Lan. So good. So cheap. So delicious.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenn W.', '5', 'I think I am going to start coming here more often!  I stopped in today for the first time and was extremely glad I did.  I normally would not order pork in my sandwich but seeing how everyone on Yelp recommended it, I decided to be adventurous and try it out.  Damn, the pork is super tasty!  The outside of the bread is a little too crispy for my liking, but the inside was soft and chewy.  Perfect amounts of meat and veggies.  Their sandwiches are super good!  And for only 2.50, it is a great deal for the quality you get.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'christina c.', '4', 'This is my favorite place for Vietnamese Sandwiches b/c I think the baguette style is too hard and you can get the French bread kind here. The bread is always fresh and the sandwiches are so cheap! My hubbie and I used to always stop by here on our way to L.A.  I always order the BBQ Chicken because I\'m not all that adventurous to try "Head Cheese" like my hubbie who orders the dac biet which means daily special. You can pay just a little more to get double the meat too for you meat lovers out there. They also serve pearl milk tea and other traditional Vietnamese foods and a BBQ section where you can buy pork and duck too.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lupe T.', '5', "Sandwiches from Huong Lan are what sustains the volunteers at the free clinic we hold nearby. The owner is great, and the sandwiches are cheap fast, filling, and delicious. If you ever happen to be at Huong Lan between 12:00 - 1:00pm on Saturdays, you might see some business casual-dressed youngster walking out with fifty sandwiches. That's us. Yes, the sandwiches are that good. Only thing is that it's a bit hypocritical to be counseling on cardiovascular health as we devour mayo-slathered, deep-fried egg sandwiches. Should probably ask them to hold off on the mayo next time."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'yoke w.', '5', 'Great spot to pick up a sandwich or two. The buns are crispy on the outside, super soft inside. Ask for grilled pork with extra meat!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Seung O.', '4', "I like this place :)   Maybe it's because my mouth has been desecrated by Lee's Sandwich.  After being forced to eat Lee's (I live in cupertino) Huong Lan Sandwich is superb.  Not to mention 2.50?  I could gulp down three sandwiches no problem.   I like how they serve pearl tea here too, plus all these other cool asian/ viet food on the side.   I admit it isn't the best vietnamese sandwich I've had.  But this is pretty darn good.  Plus compare to Lee's Sandwich...  Let's just say Lee's Sandwich is like McDonald of vietnamese sandwich.  Huong Lan may not be gourmet but it is at least Carls Jr/ In n out status."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kenny P.', '5', "Been here a number of times when I go out with my parents.  It is obviously a favorite place with the Vietnamese community in this area.  My parents dentists office is literally right next to this place.   Food is all good.  I have tried the Organic steamed Asian chicken they sell here.  Thit Nuong, which is BBQ meat that they sell in packages.  It's really tasty if you haven't tried it.  Banh Cuc, Vietnamese ricecball snack with some kind of meat in the middle.  And of course the infamous Vietnamese sandwich, you have a lot of options from their menu on this item.  I personally like the original with cured ham and pate.  They also sell some pretty good fresh soy milk here that you can find in the fridge.   I am giving this place a solid 4.5, but their variety of food and quality deserves a 5 on here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jen D.', '4', 'Good sandwiches, and "sides" (all those great vietnamese desserts). We shared a shredded chicken, BBQ pork and BBQ bacon (ok, I didn\'t really eat the bacon one). The sandwiches are a bit "bready", but that I think is due to that they don\'t use too much sauce or condimentation on the sandwiches. But the bread is awesome - very fresh and tasty - so it\'s not really a bad thing. And fewer condiments is healther... so yeah. Just not quite as tasty, perhaps.  Lots of jalepenos, lots of pickled vegetables - both big plusses.  I got the green pucks ("pig skin" - it\'s the green gelatin stuff with mung bean paste in the middle), and we got the banana dessert. Both very good as well. We\'re not in the area often, but we\'d definitely go back.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tiff T.', '4', 'I never liked Vietnamese sandwiches and I just ate one today from "Huong Lan."  It tasted incredible, even though it was 1 day old and had been heated up in the microwave.  My parents bought me the ham, pate, and pickled vegetables on a baguette.  \r   This place isn\'t really catered to Americans, but I see non-Vietnamese people here all the time; that must be a good thing.  Parking is really limited, so try and go with someone else who will run in to the store and order while you drive around in the parking lot.  Try out the duck, pork, and chicken bb-q on the left side of the store as well!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Maj H.', '4', "I don't understand the draw of Lee's Sandwiches because this place makes sandwiches far superior to Lee's.  The french bread they use is a better compliment to the fillings than baguettes.  My favorite is the pork roll w/ pate sandwich.  My husband likes the grilled pork.  They also have these pork rolls rolled up in tin foil at the cashiers.  Of all the different pork rolls I've had in my lifetime, they make the best.   If I'm correct the original Huong Lan used to be on E. Santa Clara St. and it was small, dark, and dingy.  This new place is expansive and has an array of delectable Vietnamese appetizers, desserts, etc.  I love trying new food and since I'm not Vietnamese and don't know the food lingo, it's nice that the food is displayed all over the store.  I just go around and pick up anything that looks appealing.   Service leaves a lot to be desired.  I think they are very typical of most Vietnamese businesses.  Unless you speak the language, don't expect decent help.  Normally, bad service/bad attitude is a deterrent for me.  But in this case, the food won me over."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joe L.', '5', 'Another vote for the Banh Mi sandwiches,']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Donovan T.', '5', "Grilled pork is my favorite and I remember way back when, when it only cost $1.50 for a sandwich. Times and prices changes, but one thing doesn't and its how good huong lan is. best vietnamese sandwich in san jose."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michelle Y.', '5', 'Hands down the best banh mi place. My favorites are the bbq pork and the number 1. Their roast whole pork is also really good and really fresh. We picked one up for our wedding banquet.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jackie L.', '4', "Deep fried fish & vegetarian banh mi's along with an assortment of bobas make me keep coming back. This huge store holds everything you need to cheaply satisfy your hunger. Too bad it's all the way on Tully Rd!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Victoria N.', '5', "Best vietnamese sandwiches. My favorite sandwich is the grilled pork. I like this place more than the ones in Milpitas and Davis (now closed). It's bigger than its old downtown location with more variety of quick to-go food. I always like to ask for extra mayo, I'm not sure if it's mayo, butter, or lard, but whatever it is, it's addicting."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ro C.', '4', "It was getting late after being in the office all day and I had to think of something quick and easy.  My friend and I (we carpool) decided to stop by Huong Lan because it was close and we've experienced the Milpitas location before.  Better yet, this place is cheap for sammiches, two-fifty! So here we are at 8pm driving along Tully (thank goodness for mobile gps) when I see it off to the left.  Yes!  The place is open.  Whoa, what's up with the huge chandelier right at the entrance?  Odd.  This place looks cluttered but so much bigger compared to the Milpitas location.  Aside from the sammiches, there's a hot food section and tons of candies, desserts, drinks, food to-go type meals and a sit down area. Knowing that I'm a creature of habit I immediately order the #10 fried fish cake.  Yes i know it sounds gross and who knows what it's made of but I can't help but get it.  With that said, I am a happy camper.  Yummy fluffy toasted warm bread (not like Lee's with the hard rough outside textured baguette that ruins the roof top of your gums) with fresh pickled veggies, cilantro, jalapeno, some spread, and the fish cake.  Mmmmmm."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Demanding T.', '4', "Yup!  Yup! Yup! Please try their sandwhiches!  I've tried many Ban Mi's in the bay and this place makes my list.  Is it the best.... nope, there are many in the East Bay and especially in Oakland.  There are some really good ones in SF in the LOIN and the Outer Sunsent/Richmond."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sofi P.', '4', "Has the home cooked touch that Lee's doesn't The bread could do some improving though. Love the crunchiness of flavor.. [that prbly did not make sense, but so what]"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'R K.', '4', 'Great Vietnamese po-boys. I bought the sugar cane juice based on recommendation from reviewer below: it was great! Although they do not except credit cards they have an ATM.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny T.', '5', 'This is my favorite place to get my Vietnamese sandwiches.  Somehow, when I buy my sandwiches from other joints, they never taste as fresh as they do here.  This place also makes fantastic milk teas and ice coffee. You will also find many to-go items.  This places just serves up so many variety of items, you will not leave without buying something!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joyce S.', '3', "I still have a soft spot for the banh mi in Sacramento (I know, weird) but this place will have to do since it's the closest to where I live now. I ordered the bbq pork which was good, wish the bread was a bit softer. It was still satisfying. I love looking and picking out the goodies wrapped in plastic on the tables in front of the counter. The young girl at the counter had a really bad attitude, but hey ... can't really expect much when the sandwiches only cost $2.00. I'll take $2.00 banh mi over customer service anyday."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Charles B.', '4', 'In comparison to other spots around San Jose that serve banh mi, I\'d say that HLS gives you more "banh" for your buck (cue laugh track).  Seriously, I went here today for the first time and definitely noticed that my sandwich was a tad on the large size; I guess what they say about asians ain\'t true after all. However, if I did want to upgrade to the more meaty  "brotha-sized" sandwich, I could\'ve done so for a mere 50 cents more.  For $3.75, I came away with a delicious grilled pork banh mi (i.e., if you don\'t know what that is you probably shouldn\'t be reading this review), a crispy piece of cha gio (i.e., vietnamese eggroll), and an ice-cold coke (i.e., yet another way corporate America uses sugary sweetness to bring obesity to all of us).']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric L.', '5', "If you're reading this, it means you probably haven't been to Huong Lan before and are interested in trying them out.  If you are reading this, you probably should stop right now and ride down to Huong Lan right now and buy yourself a banh mi. I got their #1 combination.  Grand total: 2.50.  So cheap.  After waiting a couple minutes, I got my sandwich.  It was kinda confusing how exactly the process worked b/c there were multiple cashiers and one cashier was fulfilling all the orders. The sandwich tasted amazing!  The bread was warmed up in their toaster before serving, and there was a perfect ratio of all the ingredients: pate, various cuts of pork, cilantro, jalapenos, pickled radish and cucumber, and I mayo. I ended up buying a pack of their packaged Vietnamese spring rolls to go for dinner b/c those looked tasty too (3 bucks for 3 rolls.  wow.) Only pitfall; because most of the patrons are Vietnamese, they tried talking to me in Vietnamese and I was super confused (I thought they were talking to the people next to me). Doesn't change the fact that the sandwiches are oh so so so so good."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Aileen V.', '3', "This is my Cali Sandwich replacement.  I was so sad the place burned down and was afraid I would never find an equivalent replacement.  I mean you can only expect soo much from Mr. Lee, but he doesn't fail you at like 4 in the morning (especially in Santa Ana), but this isn't a review for that its for Huong Lan... So what is better than a french roll with some headbutter (as they call it, but its really mayo) some pickled carrots, cilantro, onions, and whichever meat you choose.. Nothing really... especially at the price of  $2.50 (Cali was cheaper, but hey its hard times right now right?) Most of the banh mi's here are pretty good.  I mean they aren't too healthy to begin with anyways, and what kind of health expectation do you expect a sandwich that's made in 2 minutes on an assembly line to be anyways? But regardless of which, Huong Lan won't let you down no matter what banh mi you order.  If you're new to the Vietnamese sandwich, be daring and try the combination one.. or if banh mi's are all you do, dare to try something else that Huong Lan has.  They have plenty pre-made vietnamese snackers and hand meals already wrapped and ready to go.  They also have a hot menu line that you can get some hot food from.  Not to mention a fried duck or pork. Its also conveniently (and inconveniently) located off tully right off the freeway, so its easily accessible, but not so easy to be getting in and out since that area is pretty congested anyways.  But its worth it, especially for the banh mi."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lily S.', '4', "I love cheap eats! ! I come here for my fix for Vietnamese sandwiches ! This place makes the best Viet sammies in SJ! I love the crusty bread and the pickeled veggies they put in their sammies.. And the jalepeno! I love spicy food!  I recommend the BBQ pork with extra veggies (that's how I order mine) and you gotta wash it down with a Thai iced tea... With or without pearls.. Yummy!! Wayy better than Lee's.. IMO  Cheap too! Gotta love that !"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tom N.', '3', "Based on the Yelp reviews, we decided to try the BBQ Chicken Vietnamese sandwiches.  Although the filling was good, the bread was not crispy and kind of chewy.  The bread is what makes this sandwich, so when it's not crispy, it ruins the sandwich.   Definitely cheap and fast... but a bit disappointed."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rosanne C.', '5', "OH MY GOD this place is VIETNAMESE SANDWICH HEAVEN!  My boyfriend already knew about this place and told me to try their sandwiches out. The bread is warm and not HARD like Lee's Sandwiches. I usually get a sandwich with pork and an AVOCADO SHAKE. MMMM! Their already-made drinks in the refrigerators are pretty darn good too! My boyfriend and I like to randomly choose one and try them out.  I think I am going to get a sandwich today. =)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kay C.', '5', "It's true. Banh mi thit nuong. Easy on the onions, please. Extra sauce. Heaven on a French roll."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Naresh G.', '5', 'pretty good sugar cane juice..https://youtu.be/wLlFHArUF_I']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mike D.', '4', "This is a great sandwich place.  However, its only my second favorite.  This place is probably face for its Banh Mi Thit Nuong (Grilled Pork).  The reason is that I have never seen grilled pork like how they do it here.  From the first bite, you can taste the garlic and all its goodness.  The vegetables are sweet and the peppers they used are really hot so watch out! The only downside to this place is service.  On some occasions, some person before me would order like 30 sandwiches to go and all I wanted was one.  Now, instead of doing my sandwich first or in the middle, they will wait til they done with the 30 sandwich order before they get to me. Other than that, you can't get a better deal on sandwiches than this place."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Maritel C.', '4', "I've been going to this place since I started SJSU back in 2000. Back then I lived on the East Side of San Jose in Valley West and this place was always good cheap eats!  I mean who can beat a vietnamese sandwich and pearl drink for under $6??? I am a great fan of a #1 (it has ham, pate, and head cheese), but this past Sunday ventured past my usual and ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich with pate. Can you tell I love pate??? Still the same quality and tastiness from 8 years ago.  Yes, the ambiance is not really great. It is a cross between a sandwich counter, chinese fast food takeout, pearl drink, vietnamese mini-mart with all kinds of goodies lying around, like fried pig ears!!  Definitely worth the stop to order a great sandwich for a great price!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Carol T.', '4', "Sometimes I usually buy the sandwiches here most of the time, but other than that, i don't order anything else. I woud recommend parking on the other part of the parking lot instead of parking in front of the store, due to cars blocking you and you can't really back out."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'kimy l.', '4', 'I came home from work and had a craving for a Vietnamese sandwich. On the recommendation of fellow yelpers, I ventured to my old hood in East Side San Jose.  On the way there I realized I left my wallet at home. I managed to scrounge $5. Now I\'d have to figure out how to maximize my money I got the steamed pork sandwich (#2 also known as fancy pork at other sandwich shops) which was only $2.50.  I was thinking to myself..."Maybe that\'s without tax and if I order 2 sandwiches and add tax I won\'t have enough money." After they rung me up I realized the $2.50 included tax. ^_^  I was contemplating on getting another sandwich but didn\'t get to courage to add to the order. In hindsight I should\'ve got my second sandwich. The bread is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The mayonaise added a nice flavor to the pork and veggies. I thought the pickled veggies were the highlight of the sandwich. Since this is a Vietnamese sandwich shop I was hoping to get pre-prepared items such as Goi Cuon (fresh shrimp rolls). Unfortunately there wasn\'t much of a selection at 7:30 PM. Just goes to show that the early bird gets the worm and in Huong Lan\'s case, go at lunch to get your selection of pre-prepared food!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tina N.', '5', 'Tina\'s Evaluation:    Taste: ( A  ) Authenticity: ( A + )  Portions: ( A ) Service: ( B ) Ambiance: ( B ) Price: ( B + ) Comments: All I can say is that they make vietnamese sandwiches right.  Not like "Lee\'s" sandwiches, more like "Americanized" sandwiches. Boooooooooo']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Calvin D.', '4', "I went by for the first time last weekend while home for 4th of july weekend... i decided to stop by based on all the positive reviews you yelpers gave this place... i was thinking to myself, no way can this place be as good as everyone says it is...  To my surpise... I ordered the #1 (thit nguoi) and it was GOOD!  Probably the best thit nguoi sandwhich i have ever had ( better than lee's, cali, or any other sandwhich place).  I did not try any other sandwhiches, because thit nguoi is my favorite, but i'm sure they are yummy and delicious!!  I think what got me hooked the most was the flavor/taste... where lee's lacked in flavor and taste, this place excelled!  I am definitely stopping by this place again next time i'm in the bay area."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vy D.', '5', "this place is AWESOME.  this is how Vietnamese sandwiches should be.  cheap ($2.50), fast service, and good sized sandwiches. the toasted bread and smear are perfection. i've only tried grilled pork (my fav) and meatball and they were both delicious.  you can also find other Vietnamese goodies here like sticky rice and spring rolls.  will definitely be returning again!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kalita N.', '4', "pretty good bahn mi sandwiches here for a good price. they aren't shady on the meats either though. if ever i want some banh mi, i come here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Leilani N.', '5', 'Dirt cheap and legit. I have a craving for Huong Lan sandwiches and pearl drinks at least once a week. I prefer their milk tea because I can actually taste the bitterness of the black tea (and I loooove it). I like how they put actual fresh ingredients in their drinks instead of those nasty powder mixes other pearl drink places love to use. Once another customer took my milk tea order, and I was left with her coffee milk order. Instead of trying to pass the coffee milk off as my original order (which has happened to me at other asian places before), the worker apologized to me and made me a new drink.   Like I said, legit.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sandia O.', '4', "I find the sandwiches here better than lees. The meat was more flavorful and they give you more. I like how their bread is a little softer on the inside. However, my Vietnamese mother prefers lee's crustier, occasionally, borderline hard baguettes. I ordered the #1, can't specifically remember what was in it, the thit nuong, and the bi. Favorites were definitely the thit nuong and the bi."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Danster L.', '4', 'I use to love this place when they were on Santa Clara street in downtown. But their food changed a bit and so did their sandwiches. I still like it but I find myself going to it less and less. The wait is definitely bleh sometimes with no system to get orders in or out in a timely and orderly fashion. Sometimes I feel foreign here when I myself am Viet. Oh wells, still good but they need to work on the ordering process.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Katie Anne N.', '5', "Best  Banh mi sandwiches in San Jose. Better than Lee's Sandwich 10x over. The bread is super fresh and crunchy yet light. They do not hold out on the pate. Mmmmmm. They also have really good drinks as well. You definately get what you pay for!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jenny N.', '5', "Yummy place for all your Vietnamese food cravings! It's pretty cheap too"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric L.', '4', 'After residing in my "to try" list for ages, I finally drove by and picked up some food to go from Huong Lan. I must admit, their sandwiches are pretty damn tasty and probably the best I\'ve had. Price-wise, it\'s cheap, but not as cheap as i expected since I\'m anchored by other Vietnamese sandwich shops. Anyway, this shop is large with lots of selection and not to mention, their drinks are pretty good as well. Will definitely come back if I\'m ever in the area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'chelley L.', '5', 'best vietnamese sandwiches ever!  everytime i come back to san jose i just have to go out of my way to come here.  Plenty of meat, jalapenos are actually spicy, its in french bread, not that baguette crap, and still better value than that other place.   i even stopped by here before leaving to LA, and it still tasted awesome when i got to LA.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michelle N.', '5', "For $2.50 you can get a super yummy and satisfying sandwich. What I love about Huong's is that they use a really nice french bread that's soft and warm with a great chewy texture and buttery taste. Places like Lees tend to use a sharp, crisp, baguette that's hard to deal with, and it isn't as tasty. This place always serves up their sandwiches fresh, with very crisp pickled veggies and tasty fixings. Their mayo on bread alone is enough to die for!  They have a lot of other great Vietnamese treats as well. They have savory dishes, steamed buns, desserts, tapiocas, che, fresh BBQ, and a boba/pearl drink station. If you ever have a couple bucks or extra change lying around in your car, I highly recommend coming here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jimmy H.', '2', "So, this review was a combination of metrics on why I chooses the stars above.  Their location is in a plaza that is slight hard to get to depending on which side of the street your on.  Inside, your somewhat overwhelmed by what they offer. The have Chinese BBQ stuff such as roasted pork, roasted duck, steam chicken, etc. Then they have fast food Chinese, premade Vietnamese food, and Vietnamese sandwiches. To an extent, it was a Resturant with an identity crisis. It couldn't tell if it was purly Vietnamese food or Chinese.  The sandwiches and the fast food stuff was pretty decent. I know places that does each of the items good, but for a place that does it all it was ok.  I would give it three stars, but I took one star off due to the service. This might be just me, but the guy at front got mad at me for order food through him. I Did not like that at all. If he needed to be mad at someone, be mad at his own coworker because I was standing an waiting for 20 mind."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sandy T.', '5', "LOVE, LOVE LOVE the banh mi here!  During my craving phase for the banh mi, I have tried both Dakao, Huong Lan in Milpitas, Lee's and Saigon's Bakery (I was on a mission!!), this location come out on top of my list.    I ordered the BBQ pork - the baguette was crunchy on the outside and soft inside.  They scrap out some of the bread inside, hey, it's all good - less carb and allows more room for the fillings.  The BBQ pork was perfect!  So much flavor and the pickles just balance everything out!   The pre-packed items are pretty good as well.  Cheap, good size sandwich, and good quality food; can't beat that! Too bad this is a not closer to where I live, and the traffic is usually bad around this area, otherwise I would eat here more often."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gerard B.', '5', "Lee's Sandwiches step aside. There is more than one way to make a Vietnamese sandwich and here it is!!!  Flavor flavor all the way. The bread is perfectly crunchy but not too hard. I always get the vegetarian O BANH MI BI CHAY minus the peppers (Vietnamese peppers are spicy). It's done with imitation shredded pork which is sweet but not too sweet and absolutely to die for. My boyfriend always gets TWO sandwiches-- THIT NUONG & THIT NGUOI."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Somala A.', '3', "Everyone is right.. the sandwiches here are way better than Lee's.  They are also very generous with their meat.  Besides, how can you go wrong with lunch for $2.50?!  I think I would have liked it much better if the bread was toasted... The store is very big.  Besides sandwiches, they also have a variety of foods at the to-go lunch area, refrigerators stock full of vietnamese desserts (che) and drinks, shelves of different asian snacks (beef jerky, shrimp chips, etc), and an eating area.   There were many different registers, and I could not make out a line.  People were just standing in scattered positions and about 3 people looked like they were talking to the cashier.  But it seemed like everyone knew when their turn was up.   Don't expect to be treated with any type of customer service here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Daniel D.', '2', 'The sandwhiches are really good but really expensive for what they give you.  You might fill up if you weigh like 50 pounds or something.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Serena F.', '4', 'Yummy sammiches for such a resonable price! $2.50 for banh mi ...you got me!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sobrina T.', '5', 'Hungry for a filling and tasty sandwich? Tired of that Jared guy at Subway flaunting his ability to always "eat fresh" when you can\'t? Don\'t want an $8 Quizno\'s sandwich?  Come to Huong Lan for a grilled pork sandwich! They are the best I have ever had. I\'ve also had the BBQ pork, and that was alrite. Whenever I come here I always get the grilled pork. And whenever I\'m craving a Vietnamese sandwich, I always go to Huong Lan.  They also have desserts and Chinese-looking food to go (served in those hot steam trays like Panda Express.) I\'ve never had that but their desserts are pretty good too.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sam K.', '5', "Don't let the bums camping near the entrance deter yah, I sure as hell don't.  They are friendly, and if I was one, I'd camp here also since I always see ppl handing them their left overs.  I wish they'd hand me a free sandwich! Honestly, I don't think I know anyone that doesn't like these meat filled BUNS! I ordered the traditional sandwich (number 1 I believe) since that is the only way to compare it w/ other sandwiches.   15min. later (WTF) they are slacking in service, get some kids back there since they work faster!!  J/k unwrapped the sandwich and the bun looked very hard, so i squished it so it would fit my mouth.  I was astonished when the bun was actually soft!   Zomg! I ravaged that sandwich and it was the bestestssss!!!  thinking about it makes me drool ... gave it 5stars even thought the wait was hella long. Oh Yeah, Asians only take cash, lucky there is an atm in there"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rob C.', '5', '4.5 tasty banh mi.  $2.50 for grilled pork (thit nuong) #7. bread warmed and toasted so crisp outside but soft inside heavier mayo spread, but added chopped peanuts and crispies nice meat and pickled veggies, thus a great sandwich at a place with high turnover. still a great place.  milk tea boba avail. lots of meats also.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hang N.', '4', 'Simple and fast vietnamese food to go. Their banh mi is always good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ann N.', '4', 'after 15minutes trying to get to Huong Lan on busy Tully for some banh mi, I was surprised by the selection and the people who worked here. as you enter, you can start ordering and buying items from lechon, peking duck/chicken, different entrees for your to-go box, trays of  vietnamese snack treats to banh cuon/banh beo and so much selection. here i am now ordering my 5 different banh mi, such good service towards my daughter and i, even while it was so busy.  within 5 minutes, we grabbed trayed items and dessert from their tables and, i had our sandwiches in hand and we are heading home. i would fight the traffic on tully again to go here.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ken L.', '4', 'My fiancee heads down to SJ once a week and usually picks some up for us.  Cheap and good.  We usually ask for extra veggies and they usually oblige.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'David C.', '4', "For first timers, I think one would feel more comfortable visiting the Huong Lan in Newark.  That one is much more organized and well kept.  But don't fret, you can still eat a good vietnamese sandwich here.  They have a big menu board that has pictures of each one and a number so it's easy to see what you're getting and order by number.   The only bad thing about this place is that it is on the Tully exit off 101.  Is it just me or is the traffic is always horrible on this street?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lily N.', '5', "Huong Lan is greater than Lee's. I wish I could say Huong Lan should become a big chain but i'm scared their food quality might go down. I like getting my banh mi here because they have the old school kind and its always nice and fresh. I like cha ca, cha lua and the bi chay. Cha ca is really fishy so please advise when eating one with your hunny bunny around. I've also had some of their saran wrapped dishes and they taste good too. Heres a tid bit, they will make it for you fresh! They might hate you for it, but hey thats the price for fresh food! They got an array of snacks, vietnamese desserts, drinks (pearl drinks are sold here), chips, chinese doughnuts...everything! One thing i'll miss about huong lan is when the sandiwiches used to be under $2. But hey the price is still cheap, i guess its just my vietnamese side that wants it dirt cheap!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anne T.', '4', "A place to get what else... a sandwich. The Vietnamese sandwich is delish with different meats, topped with pickled carrots/jicama, thinly sliced cucumbers and fresh cilantro. Pick up different items from the deli such as roast duck or suckling pig. Different types of pudding and smoothies are offered. But the one thing that sets this sandwich shop apart from Lee's Sandwiches is the original individual french baguette... So light and fresh. The minus one star because of traffic and parking at this busy location on Tully."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'becky s.', '3', "Hit or miss for me. I don't like how hard and crusty their bread is here. One time I ordered the spring rolls and the peanut sauce made a weird fermented hissing noise when I opened it. I usually get the bbq pork, the #1 special is always a lil too funky for me. I don't  particularly like crunchy mystery meat and pig stomach. This place wins for authenticity compared to Lee's sandwich. I think this place definately caters to Vietnamese clientele while Lee's is geared towards a diverse clientele. I like the lady who sells fruit outside, and the fact that she uses an old Shin ramyun bowl to grow bamboo plants. We can all learn from her example of recycle and reuse. Kudos to you durian selling lady!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linda T.', '5', 'Easily the best place to get an authentic Vietnamese Banh Mi in San Jose. Huong Lan is a typical Vietnamese deli located in a typical Asian plaza.  It offers a large variety of fast food for anyone wanting quick, cheap eats. Their Vietnamese sandwich is the best thing on the menu. The French baguette is stuffed with pate, your choice of meat (or no meat), cucumber, mayonnaise, cilantro, and chili - all just $2.50.   I haven\'t tried anything from their deli menu/counter food. Momma refuses to let me order Viet "fast food" because she claims she can do a better job cooking from home.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joe S.', '5', "Ah man, they have awesome sandwiches here. My wife and I had the nr 6 and 7 (shredded and grilled (?) pork) and they were different but both awesome. The place looks a little weird, it's a little hard to find (it's completely at the back so keep on driving folks) but the sandwiches are only 2,75 and awesome. I know, I know, I keep on saying it but they really are....awesome!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andrew-Brian N.', '5', "CHET CHA! Huong Lan = my love :D There are only 2 places in San Jose that can't be matched, and that's King Eggroll & Huong Lan Sandwiches. Their sandwiches have always been the best (although I have encountered the shady ladies who make a crappy sandwich), but overall it's DELISH. After having lived in 2 other localities w/ Vietnamese communities, I've found that the Banh Mi Thit Xa Xiu (Chinese Pork BBQ Sandwich) is apparently a San Jose thing? I looked far and wide in SD & OC and pretty much all the stores didn't offer it. I'm sure there had to be at least one that did, but compared to San Jose where all the stores offer it, going from a staple in SJ to nothing elsewhere was surprising to me. In any case, I used to go for the Xiu Mai when I was a kid, but during high school I switched up to Xa Xiu and have been on it ever since :D Though I would take Thit Nuong (grilled pork) second to Xa Xiu, I've always found Thit Nuong was richer and... I just think Xa Xiu has a better taste for the sandwich in general. Almost every time I visited SJ, I would have to get a sinh to bo (avocado shake). I know there are a number of ppl who hate it, but it's the BOMB! Especially here :] Sometimes they don't mix the sugar on the bottom well enough, but you can go over it w/ a straw and it's all good. It's not watered down like @ TapEx or other places. It is my perfect sinh to bo! I also must say, this SPECIFIC Huong Lan is the best ever. Huong Lan in dtown SJ was good when it was around way back when, but Huong Lan in Milpitas is so second rate and the one in Sacramento is ok, but it doesn't hit the spot for me like this one. *thumbs up*"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shirley H.', '4', "every chance i get, i would come down to this bomb ass sandwhich place for their cha.  Yep....its delish and soo OoOOo fresh! the sandwhiches are good too, but thats not what i normally come down here for.  Just the past wknds i came and bought cold nam's, u know the pink meat in the fridge with garlic and jalepenos MmMmMM.................i also got the jello flan which was pretty intersting! and believe me, it was so refreshing on a hot day!!!! I really like their cooked foods too...altho i should've gotten some....but didn't ...mainly i come for the Cha's!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Vivian L.', '5', "Fresh and tasty! Best in the bay I've tried so far. It's $2.50 for Viet Sandwiches!! It tastes so authentic. Definitely go try =)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'K N.', '5', "First off  HUONG LAN  have the BEST Vietnamese Sandwich in the Bay Area Hands Down!! Believe me I'm Vietnamese and I'm been eating this shit all my life. Use to eat at Huong lan back in the days when it was on Santa Clara st in downtown San jose when it was like a hole in the wall. If you want a good place with some real Vietnamese sandwich and with bread that is not hard like a rock ( Lee's Sandwich )Then Try Huong Lan. Cam Hung is not bad but Huong lan still better! My favorite meatball all the way"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Carolyn Y.', '4', 'I haven\'t been here for a while, until my mom came to sj with me and decided she wanted to come here instead of going to our "new" normal spot. It brings back old/new memories and whenever we\'re near lion plaza, AT always has to come by to get NAM. He loves NAM and he likes this place the best.. until the peppers kick him in the face. We\'ll be back! Oh btw, they have Rau Ma! It reminds me of my adventures in L.A chinatown']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alejo C.', '4', "Long gone are the days of $1.00 vietnamese sandwiches but, in the economy we live in, $2.50 is still a bargain.  The bread is fresh and, unlike other, more well known establishments, doesn't rip the roof of your mouth.  Taste is authentic and very good overall.  BBQ pork and the combination are standards, though you cannot go wrong with any choice.  Highly recommended."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Helen L.', '5', 'Found out about this place when I was in college and every time I go visit san jose, I would always come by this place and pick up about 10 sandwiches to go home with! I love the combination, a variety of meats and lots of pate!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cindy C.', '3', "I came in here yesterday to pick up a vegetarian sandwich for my son. He ate the whole thing. I used to get his sandwiches from Lee's but it didn't seem like he was really enjoying so I thought I'd give him something new. Thumbs up for Huong Lan. I'll be back to try more stuff. I also bought some Chinese sausage here and there's lots of other Asian snack foods here to try."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Zoom Z.', '5', "Too bad I don't live to close or I'd be trying different things here more often. That said, yummy sandwiches. I always get the ham #1 for $2.50 each. I usually get two if I'm hungry or want to eat one later. As others have said, the bread is softer here than other places. I like the softer bread as it doesn't splinter into tiny pieces or poke one's mouth. I have had their spring rolls with the shrimp and they are good as well. They also have a prepared food takeout counter. Like many good Asian food spots, this place could use some tidying up. But brave the divey aspect and enjoy some good eats. Verdict: The best Vietnamese sandwiches in the South Bay."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Judy K.', '5', "1. Delicious 2. AFFORDABLE 3. Varieties I love this place. I live nearby, so I would come here every morning, if I could. I always order a vietnamese sandwich at the lovely price of $2.50. Who can beat that. =) I usually get bbq pork, or grilled pork. Sometimes chicken, when I'm trying to avoid pork. hehe. They have coffee, and an assortment of vietnamese food, layed out on the table, packaged and ready to go. Snacks and desserts are available. Also WHOLE BBQ pork/duck/chicken are available. The interior is sort of rundown, but the food here is what matters to me. The ordering process is a bit unorganized, especially during their lunch mayhem, packed with asian locals! 5 stars!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kelly S.', '4', 'est. time finished 1 minute and .452843 seconds. Engorged it. Great baguette and delicious filling. A little soy sauce happy, but otherwise they do it  their sandwhiches right. Plain and simpo!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Janice W.', '4', "Good banh mi. Got the steamed pork and it was good. For $2.50, you can't really complain though! However, the boyfriend got the BBQ chicken, which was a bit off. Banh Mi Ba Le in Oakland is definitely better for the BBQ chicken, but the quality and you get here is good too! The bread is toasted and flaky, but not too hard. Will come here if Im in San Jose and not Oakland ."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steve S.', '4', 'I first heard of Huong Lan when I watched the PBS special "Sandwiches that you will like." The show\'s host  travelled all over America featuring different types of local sandwiches. (See  )\r   Huong Lan was featured and it inspired our family to go and try Vietnamese sandwiches, known as Ban-mi. They were delicious to say the least! My favorite is the one with pate, but there are others with chicken, beef, or pork. I\'ve tried just about all of them and they are all delicious.\r   Lee\'s Sandwiches also has good Ban-mi, but I think Huong Lan\'s are better.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Silly G.', '5', "Best Vietnamese fast food place ever! Been eating here since I was a kid when the original store was in downtown on 10th and William and I'm still eating there now.  I would have to say that not only are the sandwiches and spring rools are excellent. For those of you who want to have rice for dinner try the soy sauce chicken, duck, or bbq pork at the butcher counter, pick up some stir fry and you are set. The little desserts that they have are great as well.  I went to school in Davis and Stockton, and would drive all the way to their store in Sac for food! The few shops that they have are all great and consistent. Lee's is nothing compared to HL!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wilson C.', '4', "This is the first place I've gone to for Vietnamese sandwiches and to me this is how I will always imagine Vietnamese sandwiches should taste.  Lee's has a definitely different taste to it mainly because of the baguettes they use but Huong Lan is the original.   The Vietnamese sandwiches are all pretty good, depending on your personal taste.  I usually get the BBQ beef or pork ones.  They also have a variety of other Vietnamese snacks and desserts that are good.  I don't think you have to be Vietnamese to like it either.  Chinese deserts can be similar to it and so can Filipino deserts so the taste is pretty universal.   Go in, take a look around, and pick one something you've never tried before.  Most things are pretty good and relatively inexpensive so it can't hurt to try."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Denise P.', '4', "Their sandwiches are superb. Sooo much better then Lee's sandwiches.  Their bread is a lot bigger, width wise, and also a lot softer as well. Service is fast. Prices are cheap. They have pearl tea. And they also have a lot of other different Asian snack items that you can buy. :P I'm craving a Huong Lan sandwich now."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Katelyn A.', '3', "My daughter loves the pork chop and rice to go the husband did not like the  sandwiched the bbq'd meat was old."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ricky S.', '5', 'The absolute best!!! They offer the all around best vietnamese sandwhiches in san jose hands down. If i could buy a Huong Lan and place it in my house I would do it in a heart beat.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Juno R.', '5', "A couple of my boys used to go up and buy sandwiches-they'd buy me one also for a bribe so I would let them eat in the classroom, otherwise the other boys would gaffle their food! I would've let 'em anyway but MAN the sammies were great...mmm...stuffed with veggies (carrot, daikon, cucumber, pickled ginger and cilantro and mint leaves.... Oh God...soooo good....so hungry.....ask anyone in SJ about a Bahn Mi place and they say you mean Huong Lan's???  Thank you Chin and Thom!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'T Is For Tom N.', '5', 'how come no one ever suggested the lychee drink here to me ? i saw an customer ordering one for his daughter and thought to myself that looked quite good so went ahead and ordered one for myself. the rest is history. that is the only drink, i repeat, the only drink i get from here whenever i come here for a sandwich. hands down one of the better lychee tea drinks around here .']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steve N.', '4', "This is one of the best Vietnamese sandwich shops around. I usually get thit nuong (extra cilantro/jalapenos please!). If you're running on a low budget (which happens to me often due to bills) and looking for a cheap eat, this is place to go to! Sandwiches are around $2 and a drink is about $1, dessert is also around $1-$2 so you're getting a full on meal for roughly $5?!?!? I've never really sat down there to eat and actually get some service because Vietnamese restaurants = no, if any service. I tend to just get my sandwich and eat it somewhere else."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Khanh T.', '4', "Well, all Vietnamese sandwiches taste the same to me, the only thing I hate about the Vietnamese sandwiches is that the bread scratches the roof of your mouth (like Cap'n Crunch).  One thing I must mention is that their fried rice is SOOOOOO GOOOOOOD!!!! OH MAN! I remember my best friend had this birthday party and she ordered a huge tray of fried rice from here. It was the best fried rice I had ever had. HAHA Or maybe I was just really hungry or something... but It's still good! I promise! Their pearl (boba, tapioca balls) drinks are pretty good also, but their boba is extremely chewy (not sure if that's a good or bad thing)."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Landon T.', '5', 'If you like BBQ pork and sandwiches this is your place. Its a little out of the way but always worth it.  For around  $2 they really load up these sandwiches with meat and condiments. If your going to eat it right away have them toast the bread. I have not tried any other sandwiches on the menu. The BBQ pork is just to  good to take chances on a mediocre sandwich']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christina Y.', '4', "After Nam Vang, we came here because we wanted to get a snack for later.  Yes, just call us fatties hahaha. We got a #1 (ham, pate, etc.), which cost only $2.50!  They also had canned grass jelly drink, which I love. We ate it later while we were waiting in line to buy tickets for the aquarium.  MUCH better than the sandwiches the aquarium had available.  Lots of jalapenos, and the bread was great. The sandwich place is kinda funny b/c it sells the Vietnamese sandwiches, boba, AND roast pork and other Chinese dishes to go.  It also sells Southeast Asian snacks like those green rice cake desserts and various drinks with coconut.  There's a small seating area inside, but the only person I saw sitting there was a worker taking a nap."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Durif M.', '3', "I've had my first vietnamese sandwich here.  They were pretty good! My wife and I ordered the fish cake sandwich and the meatball sandwich.  Those were ok, but after reading all the reviews, I think we should've tried the BBQ pork or grilled chicken instead."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Inder S.', '4', 'My first venture into Vietnamese sandwiches and have to admit it was a good one. Tried the shredded pork sandwich, and my wife had the bbq chicken. I tasted both, and liked the pork sandwich way better. The best part of the sandwiches is the crispy bread, fresh meat, veggies with Asian sauce and green chillies!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Khai T.', '4', "I think I might have finally found my Lee's sandwich substitute. The selection is huge, not just for sandwiches but other Viet goodies like rice rolls yum=). I came here with my kid brother. He got the plain BBQ chicken sandwich, while I got a BBQ pork sandwich. I was starving so I also bought a plate of rice rolls, and a diet coke. All of that cost around 10 dollars. They made the sandwiches with the quickness, and it was oh so good. Awesomeness!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cryetti C.', '4', "i was staying in the bay area for the weekend and was craving banh mi.  after a quick visit to yelp, i found this place.   as others have said, you can't beat the price. at $2.50, you can get yourself a delicious, filling authentic banh mi.  we ordered the bbq pork and bbq chicken. i actually thought it was going to be barbecued.. but it was more like a cold cut.  either way, it was very delicious.  we came in late, so there were also some food items that were 50% off. we bought this entree with sticky rice/chinese sausage. it was yummy as well.  if im ever back in the san jose area, will definitely return to get my banh mi fix!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sean J.', '4', "Love my banh mi.  Always fill the belly without emptying the wallet. Lots to pick from or make your own if you'd like."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jason L.', '4', 'Looking for the very best sandwich you can get for $2.50? Just found it here. Those familiar with the Viet Sandwich scene will likely already know the score, those not familiar owe it to themselves to expand their horizons, forsake crap like Togos and Subway and give this place a try. My favorite was the grilled pork.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'SuZy Q.', '2', 'I found this place on yelp and i went there yesterday, i just open the package of those green jelly dessert cakes this morning and it was MOLDY!!!!!!! i didnt notice it before i brought it because everything looks so good and so many selection but they are selling MOLDY package food so BE AWARE! There is a lot of people going to this place, the shrimp lotus salad is really good but im just scared to eat there now since they are selling moldy food. Those food inspection people should come in and check that place out, next thing u know they might be closed down.....']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'marian p.', '5', "I heart Huong Lan.  They make the best viet sandwiches.  I usually get the one with pate.  These sandwiches are long, cheap, and so fresh.  I also buy the Thai Iced Tea which is also excellent here, very flavorful.  They have spring rolls and tables full of combo plates.  They have deep fried pig's ears -- something that not everyone likes, but I think has better crunch than pork rinds.  Tucked in the back in the fridge, they have fresh yoghurt and other drinks.  If you have to chose between Lee's and Huong Lan -- or, actually, any viet sandwich place vs. Huong Lan, GO TO HUONG LAN."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Juliana C.', '5', "Like everyone else has said, cheap and delicious! Banh mi doesn't get much better than this and it's open late. Also love the big pork buns or banh bao (sp?) - esp when they're super fresh and still warm! Service is quick, friendly, and efficient. A great low-key place to get yummy, affordable food."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Stephanie J.', '5', "the secret is out.. this is the best... the best viet sandwich place I ever been to!  c'mon... u can tell just by many good yelp reviews, on that it was a viet person who recommended us to try this place in the first place.  before coming here I always have my favor huong thah sandwich place near the greatmall.. but this... their sandwich is delish!  best of all the sandwiches are sooooo cheap... it's like wut... $2.50 for all the sandwiches... couldn't get any cheaper than that!  now I can only wish I lived closer... so I can go there all the time.  well.. anyway here is my suggestions... if u dun want to bread to be too hard ask not to be toasted... get bbq beef.. it's the best! bbq pork is ok too... ooo.. here is my little trick... if u not going to eat ur sandwich right away or if u want more veggie.. ask them to put veggie on the side.. this way ur sandwich can last longer and u can get more veggie... wut a bonus!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Annie T.', '4', "Huong Lan is the best place to get yummy vietnamese sandwiches.  i usually order number one cuz it's a classic.  I've eaten here since i was really little. (when they used to be located downtown). Huong Lan beats lee's sandwiches by a long shot!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Wade Y.', '4', "Damn....I am currently in love with this place.   For $2.50, I can get a grilled pork sandwich, which is served on their crunchy french bread.  Topped with mayo, pickled onion/carrots, and cilantro and jalapeno to kick things up a notch. You can even get extra meat for 50 cents, and that brings the total to a whole $3!  Such a freaking bargain. Overall, it tastes much better and you get even more for your money than at Lee's. Another plus is that you can browse the tables for all kinds of other Vietnamese goodies, like desserts....I don't know what most of them are, because they are all in Vietnamese and don't have English descriptions, but they all look good!  I'll have to take someone along who can decipher everything for me! For those of you with REALLY big appetites...check out the side section, you can actually buy whole roast pigs for like $150!  Even funnier....you can get a small, medium, or large!  Hahah. Food - 4.5 stars Service - 3 stars Ambiance - 1 star Value - 5 stars"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Monica V.', '4', 'I LOVE their vietnamese sandwich (normally get the grilled pork sandwich) and the price is nice and low.  Whenever I am craving vietnamese sandwiches, I try to find the closest Huong Lan Sandwich!!!!  Their other foods are decent too!!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael N.', '5', "Yes, people - it's true! Believe us when we tell you that Huang Lan makes some of the best bánh mì in the Bay Area if not the best, especially for the price. The BBQ meats are excellent and if you have no fear then try the pate or sardines. Heck, I even like the tofu bánh mì. Throw in a boba pearl drink and you are GTG. You can also get a whole roasted pig here for your next holiday party. Oink!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Anna T.', '5', "This place is the place to get Vietnamese sandwiches, and trust me, I'm Vietnamese and I've tried all other places.  If you're taking the sandwiches to go, remember to ask for all the veggies on the side, otherwise the veggies will soak into the bread and make it all soggy. Another thing I love about this place is the avocado shake.  They are to die for.  And again, I've tried many avocado shakes at many other places from mom-and-pop stores to restaurants to even those drink places at various malls.  None of them compare to Huong Lan's avocado shakes.  Most restaurants would dilute the shake with half and half or blend it with a lot of ice to make the drink seem more than it is.  Not this place.  The avocado to milk to condensed milk ratio is perfect.  The drinks are pre-measured, but they are all made-to-order.  I personally like to get the drink without the pearls, which are also good, but the shake itself is very thick and trying to suck up the pearls while drinking the shake too feels  like mission impossible.  And about $3.50 per drink, it's quite affordable and is comparably priced to other places that sell these kind of drinks. Overall, everything is reasonably priced here.  Try it...you won't be disappointed."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mark W.', '3', 'My 2nd favorite Vietnamese Sandwich place in the San Jose area']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dean D.', '5', "Value, Variety and Quality abound at Huong Lan.  As of this posting the Vietnamese style sandwiches are still priced at $2.50.  Truly an EPIC value when considering the size, quantity and value of ingredients.  My favorite remains the #1 - basically the all in one combo of ham, steamed pork, pate, headcheese, fresh herbs, veggies and pickled veg! Another thing that I love about Huong Lan is the variety of other things available there besides the sandwiches.  They have a great and very reasonably priced Chinese butcher operation there with tasty roast pork, $2 glazed individual quails, roast ducks, etc.  The hot Chinese style combo deli selection (think Panda Express style) never fails to disappoint as well with the interesting selection of entrees and their great 'chow mein' starch selection. If you're a fan of Lee's Sandwich, definitely give Huong Lan a try as they are superior to them in every sense of the word IMO.  The only downside to this joint is the rough and gritty Tully Ave. locale but where i come from we just call that part of the 'flava.'"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'M W.', '4', "Wow, where else can you go and find a hearty Vietnamese Sandwich for $2 nowadays, that still tastes like one of the best Banh's I've ever had? Pay heed to everyone who is comparing them to Lee's Sandwiches cafes. The sandwiches here are heartier, filled with more meats and veggies, and the bread is softer here than Lee's. Granted, there are some days when I'm hankering for the skinny bauggette of Lee's, but most days you want something filling that leaves you wanting not much more. Be aware at the ordering counter. People tend to cut in line and you need to be assertive here. Lines are non-existent, so stay awake.  They also have a wide selection of roast meats at the entrance, many of which look quite delicious. The sandwich, in particular the BBQ Pork, is a delight. The addition of a peanut sauce is welcome (be aware if you are allergic), as are the generous portions of pork inside. At the prices $2 - $2.75, this is definitely a winner."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kaitlyn B.', '4', "This place is better than Lee's Sandwich. I like their sandwiches and drinks. For those Frappacino lovers, I highly recommend getting a mocha blend without pearls.  last but not least, dont expect too much from the customer service and the ambience. If you were to ask me to rate on those two, I would give it a 1 or 2. Besides all that the food is great if you're looking for something cheap and quick."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Mitchell E.', '4', 'Great sandwiches. Love the price. Want to go back and try to the BBQ pork and duck.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Robert B.', '5', "This place is authentic and yummy. A wide selection of foods and fast service. Its fresh and affordable. One of the best Sandwich places I've been."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sabrina L.', '3', "I was excited to try this place after reading the Yelp reviews...but I think SoCal makes better bahn mi's (i.e. Top Baguette in Westminster or even Saigon Sandwich & Bakery in San Gabriel ).  The sandwich was fine but not great....maybe it was the bread that was just...normal?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'J M.', '4', "Excellent Vietnamese sandwiches. $2.50 for a banh mi. The meatball sandwich was excellent, with nice warm meatballs. Quick, Friendly. They also had the standard chinese roast pig, roast duck, roast chicken, etc...The pig looked good. Finally, a steam table with various dishes.. There are some shared tables you can sit at.  Ambience isnt great, and the whole mall this is in is run down, but it's definitely worth a try. I'll go back to sample the steam table, the pig, and the catfish salad."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Todd H.', '4', 'A friend recommended Huong Lan the other day, and I was feeling adventurous, so I went and gave them a try. I have to tell you this is the first time I have tried binh mi, so I was not too sure what to expect. I was not disappointed! The sandwich truly was delicious.  They little old ladies working were pretty helpful. I brought another friend with me, and the lunch total for both of us, including drinks was $8.35. For both! Amazing! The only two things I would say could have been a little better were, like other yelpers mentioned, the order/pickup procedure is a little confusing. and the other is I paid for extra meat, and the amount on my sandwich did not reflect it. Like the little old lady at Wendy\'s used to say, "Where\'s the BEEF?!" (ok, well pork anyway...) Well, for $2.50 I still ain\'t complaining.     Next time I am buying the chicken the guy below me is talking about.... And another sandwich...']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'christine s.', '5', 'Ordered the 5 ham with pate, 5 vegetarian and 5 BBQ chicken sandwiches, asked for pickles and condiments on the side. Brought it to my mother in laws for my birthday karaoke night. We cut the sandwiches in half, plattered them up and everyone loved it! Do it yourself bahn mi, Huong Lan style, it was a hit with me, my friends and family. I will go back! Oh and the mean ladies mentioned in other reviews, never encountered them. They were very fast and the lady ringing us up was pretty friendly. Bread was great and ingredients were fresh. I wanted to buy some duck, but I stayed on the path of sandwiches,....maybe next time.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Albert W.', '5', "Menu item #1 2orders Best place to get sandwiches! I remember my mom used to buy these back home for lunch every day cuz she was too lazy to make lunch. It was SOOO good, and i never knew where she got them from. I joined a lion dance troupe after hs and got really into the chinese vietnamese culture. One of the most common foods we ever Teacher's wife, always made the greatest ones by buying individual ingredients. They are all from SF, so i cant be going to them everyday. So i tried some random sandwich places. The one that i found to be the best was Huong Lan. My dad also did work for them too, the pictures and lightboxes of sandwiches and the pearl drinks menus. So one day i have a performance at Kelly Park for an Asian Festival near Senter. SIMO and Sifu bought 100 or so Lee's sandwiches. All day i was just munchin on those. The entire time, i just thought of Huong Lan. I mean no hatin on Lee's but its just really got nothin on Huong Lan. I REALLY wish i can buy in bulk and get 100 of #1 from Huong Lan and just go at it LIKE A BEAR. RAWR!! ... yea i get hungry dun judge me Although number 1 is still my favorite, ive had almost everything on the menu. They are ALL good, just chose your favorite meat and you won't regret it. Thier drinks are pretty good there too. Milk tea is creamy, esp the avocado one. haha i like avocado. =) Will stay loyal, cuz i know im going after class today =)) hope to see you there"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Izzy T.', '5', "One of the best banh mi...period! This place was well worth driving and sitting through traffic for; not only do they have great tasting sandwiches, they're also very inexpensive. Will definitely be coming here for all my banh mi cravings."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dre T.', '3', "This place is better than Lee's?? Huh?? Well I read on Yelp this is the best spot for Viet sandwiches. So I gave it a shot. On my first vist it was me my hermie and my baby girl.  We ordered 3 sandwiches.  A bbq Pork, a bbq Chicken and a Grilled pork.  Pardon I dont remember the numbers, or the Vietnamese names.  And I hate to admit I was disappointed in two of the 3.  Actually I was disappointed with the bread in all 3.  It seemed dry and stale.  Maybe because it was 9pm on a friday night, and I guess they don't bake their bread throughout the day like Lee's does.  But the bread was wack.  I didn't care for the meat in the bbq chicken or pork.  But the Grilled Pork meat was off the hook.. very flavorful.  very good!! and at 2.50 a sandwich, a very good value. A couple days later, i went back to get some more of the grilled pork sandwiches, this time it was earlier in the day, and the bread was less dry.  and the meat was just as delicious.  So I guess if you go later in the day, the bread may be a bit dry.  I wouldn't give this place 5 stars nor say their sandwiches are better than Lee's.  They may be a tad cheaper, but quality isn't as consistent.  I always find consistency at lees great, perhaps because they bake bread fresh all day.  But I do highly recommend the grilled pork sandwiches here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'ryan y.', '4', "been coming here since i was a broke ass college student, now i'm a cheap ass professional and i sitll like coming here.   i think it was $2 for a viet sandwhich.  Now it's $2.50.  Love all the selection it all taste good from fish to bbq pork.  I've never bought the chinese food at the other side of the restaurant, i love duck gonna try it out one day."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lozz Y.', '5', "Their sandwiches here are much better than Lee's Sandwiches based on taste and value. The pork they use here actually tastes like pork and is not dry or greasy. They also have a great selection of vietnamese sides and meals that actually have prices listed unlike Lee's Sandwiches. Not the most convenient location to get in and out of, but worth the effort."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sophia L.', '5', "Have you watched the Anthony Bourdain in Vietnam on travel channel?  I was seriously drooling when he had that juicy meaty sandwich in a local market.  Well, since i can't get that here, i usually go to Huong Lan.  I would say Huong Lan, the one on Capital, makes the best Vietnamese sandwiches in town: toasted bread, with generous portion of meat and pickled vieggie and fresh pepper.  My favorite sandwiches are ham, grilled pork or chicken.  When you are there, be sure to try their sugarcane juice (small: $3, large: $4.50).  It is so tasty and refreshing!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Denise W.', '1', 'A cockroach ran out of my sandwich.  True story.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Samantha L.', '5', "I view the Bánh mì as one of the great achievements of the human quest for goodness. A gift from the cruel French, it is a crowning glory of Vietnamese fast food. Huong Lan makes a fantastic Bánh mì. My favorite is the #1, Paté, ham, head cheese and crunchy pickled veggies on the crunchiest, lightest yummy baguette you'll find, with just the right amount of everything. It's a thing of beauty, it's a noble sandwich, it's only $2.50, life is very very good. Highly recommended!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Adoree L.', '4', 'I am now a fan of Vietnamese sandwiches.  The establishment has roasted pig hanging and an assortment of food you can choose from to make a meal.  It is cheap too!  I tried the fresh sugar cane drink and grilled pork sandwich.  The bread was fresh out of the oven and a good size.  Plus this location sells lotto tickets.  While we were eating there, two people won cash from the scratchers machine.  lucky lucky.  However, the luck did not pass on to us.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Coy T.', '5', 'the only place i go for banh mi (here in the bay area, at least)! a variety of banh mi is available, but my faves are thit nguoi (cold cuts), ga nuong (grilled chicken) and xa xiu (bbq pork). a good selection of food to go as well, usually traditional home-cooked viet dishes of meats and veggies.  have bbq pork, chicken and roasted items.  desserts and pre-packaged meals to go. good place for catering big parties.  have a decent sized area of tables to enjoy your meal.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sempro S.', '5', 'The best banh mi in the Bay! The grilled pork is sublime. Also, myriad Viet goodies and exotic drinks. Very authentic, no-frills ambiance. However, shame-shame on them for not accepting credit cards.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Rosa K.', '4', "not too far from my place, this is the spot for picking up quick, cheap viet sandwiches whenever i get the cravings.  even though they are mainly a sandwich shop, they have soooo many other things on their menu, including my favorites -- spring rolls and boba drinks!  and their boba balls are some of the best around the area!  always a plus in my book =) on a side note..i'm korean..but i must look vietnamese to the ladies taking my order because they usually talk to me in vietnamese for a lonnnng time until they finally catch my blank stare..and then sorta walks away..hehe."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yen T.', '2', "Hard bread and dry meat. I don't like the bread here. There are a lot of flies in the store, so it's unappealing to even buy food there. Customer service is horrible there too."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jeremy T.', '5', "I joined yelp to just write about this awesome place.   Sandwiches: $2.50!($.50c for extra meat) Get #1 or # 7. Thats what  I always get Pearl Drinks: Don't get #1 its tastes bitter. GET #2 its good. I have tried there 2 plate entree thing, and it was actually pretty good. I got the fried rice and shrimp with pork meat with lots of fat on it. Its really good but i am sure It will kill you if you eat it more than twice a week."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Hetty P.', '4', "Come and get a legit vietnamese sandwich here, none of that Lee's sandwiches crap."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Duco Y.', '5', "I really like the sandwiches, love the pearl tea, staff is terrific and Ken and his wife that run the restaurant are two of the nicest people I know. Next time you're there, say hello to Ken, a truly gracious guy."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'South B.', '4', "I go to this place almost frequently.  It's a shop/cafe/deli.  Their packaged rice plates and rice vermicelli plates are quite good and very affordable (a lot for $3).  The grilled chicken with rice and veggies is my favorite.  Their packaged spring rolls are also great, but are only okay when having been sitting for too long.  $3 for pork and for Chinese sausage; $3.50 for shrimp.  My favorite is the Chinese sausage spring roll, because it's so refreshing, healthy, but also delicious, containing thin slice of carrot to the entire length.  I didn't really like their deli food, though their combinations are very affordable.  Once, I had gotten a combination with a bland, stale-tasting fried rice.  The entree must have been unremarkable because I don't remember which one I had gotten.  None of the entrees behind the glass looked attractive.  I don't recommend getting their deli food unless you're on a tight budget and need to grab food in a hurry. What does impress me are their highly varied selection of banh mi sandwiches that are all priced at $2.50.  The sandwiches are tasty and the meat is filled generously .  At other places, the pork roll ham is sliced paper thin.  Here, they're sliced thick.  And for fifty cents, you can add fried egg to your sandwich provided that you come before they begin their store closing tasks.  The bbq pork and the bbq chicken are my favorites.   Their store-made drinks include pandan soy milk and regular soy milk.  I liked them both, being able to taste the freshness of the soy milk.  Some of their desserts are unrefrigerated, which can't be good if at room temperature (I'm only presuming and never had them). The avocado smoothie was okay, not bad.   The seating area is adequate in number of seats.  There's a flat-panel TV which is usually on and with audible sound.  Customers must clean up after themselves.  But some customers leave mess.  Don't expect the staff to promptly attend to the seating area to do regular cleaning.  If the table is dirty, you've got to clean it yourself. I wish that they would be more focused on maintaining the aesthetics of the shop.  Sometimes, unattractive crates and some packaged inventory are left on the floor conspicuously.  This is less than tactful.   The staff here are somewhat friendly; not rude, but not too extroverted.   This place makes tons of Vietnamese pork roll ham.  It's very good and more affordable than other places.  For aluminum wrapped pork roll, which can be original or peppered, $3 is the starting price.  The more premium banana-leaf-wrapped pork roll is only $3.50.  Most of the pork roll is kept at room temperature, which is best when used for sandwiches or as a component in an entree.  If you want to eat the pork roll by itself, it's best to eat it cold.  They have refrigerated pork roll also.   The offerings here overall are a tremendous value.  This is not because they're cheap, but because much of the food is very good for low prices. I don't know if I'll every stop coming here."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Annalyn E.', '4', "Lee's Sandwiches has always been my go to for Banh Mi. I had been craving Vietnamese food lately so my friend took me here. (He doesn't agree with Lee's.) We ordered sandwiches and some spring rolls to go. Despite the long lines and wait for our food, everything was delicious. Getting here sucks due to traffic, even on a Saturday, Tully road is always busy. I'm also not a fan of the parking; but the sandwiches do outweigh the cons, so I'll be coming back for more."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'John W.', '5', "Amaaaazzing! Where on earth can you get a sandwich for $2.50!! Here I say! Yes its a very Asian establishment, which means cash only, many uninsured drivers in the parking lot, and some food sitting out that probably shouldn't be, but the Vietnamese pork sandwich was amazing! I has the port, daikon, carrots, cilantro, jalapenos, and mayo (or some form of it) on a crispy, yet chewable baguette! I love how the Vietnamese merge amazing French concepts with Chinese type ingredients. I guess that's what French colonization does to you! Anyways, based on price and quality, I give this place five stars!!! If you cannot stand Asian karaoke (blaring on the TV) consider yourself forewarned!!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jimmy N.', '5', "Atmosphere: Asian Supermarket-like, Grab-n-Go Service: Speak Vietnamese or they spit in your food (okay I'm kidding about the last part but they do serve you better) To Get: Combination, Grilled Pork. Don't Get: Shredded Pork, Bacon (It's not what you think it is) Overall: One of the Best Vietnamese Sandwiches in the Bay Area"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Phuc B.', '5', 'used to go here all the time when I was at andrew hill. would give them a 4.5 but they get all five stars for feeding my broke ass cheap good food through out high school. dont get a chance to go here any more, but stop by once in a while to pick up sandwiches for a road trip cause they are that good. they also got lots of others to choose from. banh mi thit nguoi, they make that shit right!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eric L.', '5', "IMO, This place has the best Vietnamese sandwiches in San Jose.  Yep, Screw you Lee's"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sensei L.', '5', 'This place is awesome. The food is good especially their spring roll and Banh mi. Seems like I come here for lunch everyday lol.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Helen V.', '3', "Ehh. Not the best sandwich I've had but it's okay. I've had better in Houston, Dallas, and SF."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Carol P.', '5', 'Best tasting and great quality sandwiches in the bay area! The bread is always warm and crispy, The meat and fillings are fresh, Their signature butter spread is ohhh so yummm. Aunthencity starts here!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael G.', '5', "Delicious vegetarian sandwich for only $2.50! You really can't go wrong here. Other Lee's Sandwich locations charge more.  I think that's interesting.  Definitely worth checking out for cheap, fast, and delicious sandwiches."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ulla H.', '3', "contentswise, best vietnamese sandwich i've had in a long time.  but the bread they use isn't made in-house which is a major bummer. instead it's delivered from some place else and reheated upon order.  the past couple of times i came here they overtoasted my baguette. really not into that."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Katrina V.', '5', "My favorite banh mi place.  Delicious sandwiches for TWO FIDDY.  I'm lucky to live right by this place.  Listen to all the good reviews!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Patty O.', '5', "came here to try the grilled pork sandwhiches due to all the rave reviews and i have to say that i was very satisfied with what i had.  bread was toasted to perfection, unlike Lee's sandwhich which i believe has rock hard bagguetes, meat was flavorful, and mayo, and pickled veggies, made everything into a great experience sandwhiches were extremely cheap at 2.50 each, service wasn't that great though. the people that worked there weren't very friendly and mostly spoke vietnamese. after you take your order, you have to wait for your number to be called and the lady first yells the number out in vietnamese, and than in english, but her accent is so poor that it's hard to understand or hear."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Le Huyen N.', '5', 'The best and cheapest vietnamese Banh Mi Ive ever had, their baguette is so crispy! I love the number 1 and banh mi xa xiu with pate. I also had a flan caramel which was also really yummy. Definitely recommend this place.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cisco P.', '5', 'My 2nd all time Vetnamese sandwich place and its for good reason. The only reason its #2 on my list is that my #1 place is closer to where I live. Back in high school, I use to walk over here in the morning and order several bbq chicken sandwiches and bring them back for my friends and more importantly myself. I always found the bbq chicken kind of odd looking, with its bright pink color and squishy texture, but oh man was it delicious. After a while I got around to trying almost every sandwich and the bbq chicken is definitely my favorite. I use to not like the peanut spread they sometimes use in Vietnamese sandwiches, but after trying to grilled park sandwich here, I love the peanut spread. They sell other stuff like shrimp chips, pork buns, and other snacks. They also have a wide selection of drinks and even have scratchers. Seriously this place is great  is you like Vietnamese sandwiches']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'kit D.', '5', 'took a lil road trip to there on my way to pick up my uncle at the airport. It still rocks my socks off! nuff said']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Micaela G.', '5', 'Best Vietnamese sandwiches in town. A friend and I spent a summer a couple of years ago trying every Vietnamese sandwich place on the eastside and some downtown and Huong Lan came out on top. Still so cheap and sooo good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Alex D.', '4', 'Really cheap, really good, this place is a must try. The bread is nice and fresh and the BBQ pork is ridiculously moist for only $2.50. They have all kinds of options for sandwiches, plus the place is packed with other packaged foods as well. I suggest taking it to go as it is not the greatest seating area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Greg T.', '4', 'a mouth full of yum! @ $2.45 for a bbq chicken sandwich with pickled vegi, cilantro and a little spice on a french roll']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Peter C.', '4', "For Vietnamese sandwiches, this place is pretty tough to beat. My favorite is the BBQ pork. The chicken is alright. Whichever you get, it is piled on with fresh veggies, which I think is key. The portions of meat and veggies in these sandwiches are much more generous that what you can find at the more popular Lee's."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Yuko K.', '5', "For $2.50 each, I ordered 3 sandwiches (BB pork, roast pork, shredded chicken) at Huong Lan. Wow, all of them were great but my favorite was roast pork because the meat was moist and succulent. I like Huong Lan better than Saigon sandwich in SF, which has been my all time favorite.   I'm giving 5 stars for its value and quality.  Next time, I will have to try the one with pate!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Peter G.', '4', "This place is great.  So far, the best Banh Mi I have found in the East Bay area.  It's worth the 45 minute drive for me!  Give it a try..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Edward M.', '4', "For 2.50 this is a solid deal of a sandwich.  The bread is a little crispy on the outside meaning it will shred the roof of your mouth but you'll keep eating the sandwich cause it's good.  And cheap.  Not really anywhere to sit there and eat it's more of a to go place.  They also have some cooked dishes that look pretty tasty too.  Pork sandwich is way better than chicken.  Definitely will return."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Linda C.', '4', "I love this place! The only sandwhich I can order here is the vegetarian but I don't mind at all. Pickled veggies are yummy & I always ask for the mayo which is okay to have since I'm not vegan. Way better than Lee's and super cheap!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'T. D.', '4', 'I love their snowbubble with perl drink.  They always cater to my "keep the sweet to minimum" request.  Grabbed a drink for my coworker too and she agreed this place makes the best!  Oh..yeah ..and their sandwich definitely beats Lee\'s.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Harvey F.', '3', "My favorite place for banh mi.  Prices are dirt cheap and their sandwiches are great, with their BBQ pork and grilled pork amongst my favorites, generally ordered with extra meat.  Rolls are heated to provide a crispy crust and the airy texture that one finds in Vietnamese baguettes.  Staff and most patrons appear to be Vietnamese and the English may be subject to varying interpretations.  Service quality is a bit lacking, so don't go in expecting any and you won't be disappointed.  Just order your sandwich(es) and go enjoy them."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Penny P.', '5', "Mom used to pack these sandwiches for us on long road trips. Whenever I get the craving for these tasty Vietnamese sandwiches, i come here. This place makes the best sandwiches. The great combination of flavors have not changed in ten years! Unlike the chain of Lee's sandwiches, this place has always stuck to what they do best. They also offer great deli meats and little Asian snack vittles to go. Thanks Huong Lan for keeping it real!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'kelly t.', '5', "Its a good place to eat here. Way better than Lee's Sandwiches..."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sharon R.', '5', 'love the sandwiches. Grilled pork is the best. You have to try it with thai tea with pearl or I liked the strawberry smoothie... real strawberries. Didnt like the mango shake because they use mango jello but no reason why i should based my rating on one drink so overall.... Huong Lan you rock!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ty T.', '5', 'if you want an authentic vietnamese baguette, this is the place to go. They are also very accomodating to vegetarians, making delicious veggie soft spring rolls among other things.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tina L.', '4', "Much better sandwiches compared to Lee's.  I am not a fan of their sandwiches. (Lee's that is) This is the only place I go to get a Vietnamese sandwich b/c they're the best. The delicious taste can't compete with other places."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Gottobe T.', '5', "Banh Mi` thit Nuong. at Huong Lan is the best.....  you should try it. I'm a fan"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jasmine N.', '4', "I have to say the quality of the banh mi really depends on when you get it though. It tend to be fresher early in the morning ( 7 - 8ish ) And if you put an extra effort to ask the ladies to hit up the banh mi after you receive it and wait for a bit, you can get a hot yummy tasty bread ^^ Their drinks are quite good, but don't get the tapioca in the afternoon cos usually it's not good by then.  And guys, it costs only $.50 to make it a special one with extra meat! And if you like cucumber, ask them since they never put it in unless you request it. If you come during those hectic hour, double check your order of banh mi once you receive it, they might give you the wrong order. ^^"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Shali N.', '5', "wow! wow! WOW!!!!!!~ Best chicken sandwich I've ever had when it comes to vietnamese sandwiches.  That's all I have to say.  Get one!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Minh N.', '5', 'Do not think this is a biased review because I am Vietnamese, if anything this is a true review. This place is AWESOME. I hate it when I hear "Lee Sandwiches are so good". Why? Their sandwiches are "American" meaning their food is mass produced, and made to be served quickly. Huong Lan provides true authentic sandwiches with exceptional speed. Service is poor, but hey the Vietnamese culture is fast-paced and different from America so I don\'t expect much. Their smoothies are excellent, they use real fruits / fresh ingredients so that it tastes superb. They also sell alot of other goodies but most people come there for their sandwiches. Its cheap too, so you can get a great meal with just $5.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eileen C.', '2', "Visting in the San Jose area and wanted to sample the vietnamese sandwichese here thinking they've gotta be good... given the fact that SJ has the second largest vietnamese population... Found Houng Lan based on the review in Yelp and was excited to see what the rave was about. In summary, the store had a lot of vietnamese snacks to offer. Sorta reminded me of a hole in the wall which is usually a great sign of good food. Unfortunately, sandwich was ok, maybe if the bread was freshly toasted and warm, it would be better. My favorite is still Thanh Da in Brooklyn NY! BEST Banh Mi HANDS DOWN!!!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Michael L.', '4', "really good service. this is one of the two places parents would come here for banh mi or vietnamese ham. or desserts. probably one of the cheapest banh mi's around. ordering large parties: 30 combo 30 chicken 30 bbq pork. owner was nice enough to give us 25 cent discount off each sandwitch since we were college students. sandwitches were ready warm fresh, bright and early ready for pick up. but found out the bags that were written chicken, turns out to be bbq porks. totaling 60 bbq porks. which was a disappointment. overall one of my fave place for banh mi ps. able to use their resturant everytime i go ahhahaha"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nancy T.', '4', "This is my favorite Vietnamese sandwich deli.  The french bread is crispy and chewy and they give a lot of filling.  You can get extra meat in your sandwich for a dollar more, but I think what they give is plenty.  I've gotten the original cold cuts one and the bbq pork one.  Both are really good.  They also have a hot foods counter, roast duck and pork,  pre-wrapped homemade foods (different rice crepes with meats, desserts), and boba drinks.  There's a little dining area to sit and eat.  One thing that annoys me (not just here, but at a lot of Vietnamese delis) is that they do not put prices on their pre-wrapped foods.  I don't understand that.  I always wonder if they charge different people different prices depending on if the customer seems more Vietnamese (one of them) or more American (an outsider).  Hope not, but who knows....."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'tee w.', '5', "i love a good banh mi, because it's not only good, but it's cheap! and huong lan is really good. i like their #1, although i can't really taste the pate, but the overall flavor of the sandwich is really good. I like pate on my sandwich, so I am not a really big fan of bbq pork, although that doesn't mean that they're not good here. I've tried them and they're pretty tasty for bbq pork. majority of reviewers here like the bbq pork better.  they also have huge varieties of vietnamese food/ snack. if you're not familiar with traditional vietnamese food, this might look weird to you, but otherwise, i love their snacks! more authentic than snacks they have over at lee's sandwich.  i'd definitely go back here again for cheap and satisfying lunch."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Non P.', '5', 'In the time it takes your Starbucks barista to find a cup, Huong Lan will have you out the door with a hot meal on French bread and an iced coffee -- for a lower total cost than a Starbucks latte.  This is why people hate immigrants.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Annie D.', '5', "This place is so much better than Lee's Sandwiches! Their sandwiches are all great and so is the pre-packaged items! A cheap and inexpensive place to dine and get full!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kristen T.', '4', "This place is pretty good.  I ordered the bbq pork sandwich.  It was filled with a good amount of char siu and pickled veggies.  I also tried the spring rolls; they were pretty good also.  This place is way better than Lee's sandwiches."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Erica Y.', '5', 'These Vietnamese sandwiches for $2.50 have toasty crisp French bread, super flavorful grilled meat, and some sort of peanut dressing that is so good it has to be laced with crack or something.  The soybean milk is the perfect amount of sweetness and totally refreshing!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Larry Y.', '5', 'Sandwiches are better than the Lees sandwiches thats near.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Milinh V.', '4', 'I love the sandwiches there! Afforadable and good quality, highly recommended. The only downfall is the location..I almost always get into accidents that area.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Joy C.', '5', 'Super fresh and flavorful ingredients, with a great crunch to the bread. Dirt cheap and fast service. What more can you ask for?']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Kenny N.', '5', "I go here plenty of times. The food is great and the sandwiches are VERY tasty. This place throws Lee's Sandwiches down the shit hole."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tony L.', '5', 'Best grilled pork banh mi period. Everything else there is above average as well, pretty good and cheap, but you have to eat the grilled pork sandwich. The peanuts make it.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'V T.', '4', 'Great sandwiches at an affordable price.  Great deal for BBQ as well.  A whole chicken that gets chopped up is about 5-6 dollars which is a steal if you ask me!n  Their desserts, boba, and fried pork are also good.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Diana M.', '5', 'Wonderful place to buy already-made Vietnamese food. The prices here are very low, which is awesome and the food is so GOOD. I usually come here to get a sandwhich and an avocado milk shake. The service is fast and you can even sit down and enjoy your meal if you want =]']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Heidi L.', '5', "The best Vietnamese sandwiches in San Jose. Hands down!! The prices aren't too bad, portions are good, tastes are not only good but UNIQUE, and don't just have weird meat loaves to choose from. The service is okay... typical for a Vietnamese sandwich joint. How they get chicken and pork mixed up remains a mystery to me.. The place also has hot food, that I have yet to try. I'm a little uneasy.. but maybe one day."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Greg W.', '3', 'i would come back cos the food is delicous... but the last time i went there with my gf..the service on the to go food station was horrible. this old asian lady was serving us and she did NOT know any english. the lady was yelling at my girlfriend when she was trying to order because my gf could not understand her. she was raising her hand and waving it around like she was cursing at my gf. my girlfriend wanted to choke her... on the other had, the register people and sandwhich makers are always nice :) but  when you see that old asian lady working behind the counter in the to go food area... talk to her in vietnamese..cos that funkaroozies dont know english... unfortunately i dont know vietnamese neither does my gf.. so we wot be ordering from that lady eeever again.. if we come back that is..']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'L K.', '4', "I love this place. I guess it's a little nostalgic because my parents always go here when we visit San Jose since I can remember. I get the banh mi with steamed pork  and the pickled carrots/dikon medley and cilantro. It's darn delicious. I've never tried their pho, but my dad has had it and I'm sure if it's worthy to a native Vietnamese then it should be tasty.  Their boba drinks are decent. But I love their little packaged meals that they have on the side, on the styrofoam plates.  There might be better places out there that serve the same foods, but Huong Lan is definitely more spacious and more comfortable to go into; even though there's that poor little old lady trying to hustle you some fruits on the side or a few hobos around....it IS the east side of San Jose. I'd imagine ordering to be a little difficult if you don't speak Vietnamese, but every order is numbered so I'm sure it wouldn't be too much of a problem. All in all, I love this place. It shits on Lee's Sandwiches....in my opinion."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lyna K.', '2', "It was ok. I had the shredded chicken. It was fine good blend of vegg and chicken. Most places don't have that option. I also bought a tray of Bun Bot Loc, and it kind of lacked flavor. I was hoping for out of this world stuff from the reviews. And they are also a cash only place...sucky"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Steven B.', '4', "I've been going to Huong Lan as far as I can remember and I always crave it when I'm in San Jose. After eating at the Newark location, I've decided that this Huong Lan can't be beat. Its very cheap, lots of variety of food items, but the only downside to this is the location; its right off the exit of Tully and for anyone that's driven down there, traffic is a nightmare but I'd drive through the traffic to grab a cheap bite to eat. Be prepared to stand in line for a little bit since there are lots of customers!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sara A.', '5', 'Cheap and tasty grilled and BBQ pork sandwiches are their forte. How delicious!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Eileen L.', '5', "I finally got a chance to come to this place and I'm glad I did because now I'm hooked !! This place reminds me of a Lee's Sandwich but much better !! Their sandwiches are sooo good ! I had the #1 which was the ham and cheese or something and the fried fish cake sandwich ... both were so yummy ! I like how the bread isn't too hard or soggy .  Best of all , their sandwiches are cheap ... only $2.50 !! What a steal , right ? I also had the sugarcane juice which okay but a little too sweet . They also sell other stuff like meat for sandwiches , bread , desserts , and other stuff . I love browsing through the different things that they sell ... it's very interesting . The madeleines they sell don't taste that great . Their mochi is so good though !! I never had mochi with green bean in the center ... very pleasant new experience for me . Weill definitely be back here to try more of their sandwiches and desserts ."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'anonymous i.', '5', 'i have been coming to huong lan since i was a little tike. when it comes to vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) i can get really really picky. i really like the way they make their sandwiches here because i like the huge bread loafs that they use. personally, i have tried vietnamese sandwiches made with baguettes, but its not as good as the loaf! my fave is the #7 grilled pork. the huge loaf, grilled pork, pickled veggies is a great combination with the special sauce that they use that contains peanuts!!! its heaven people =)  the prices are reasonable.. its about 2.75 for a sandwich. they carry other asian food here. like spring rolls, and other specialty vietnamese food. not to mention, they carry yan yan, hello panda, these korean onion ring chips (yum), shrimp chips, and other great snacks!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Precious C.', '5', "I'm giving 5 'cause i haven't had any better sandwich except when I was in Vietnam. The sandwiches are more flavorful than other places. I also like their 'banh do' not sure if it's the right spelling. It has pork & mushroom for the filling."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Dan L.', '5', 'In my opinion, this place makes the best vietnamese sandwich in the bay area. Trust me, Ive been everywhere where they serve these things. Try the ham+steam pork sandwich, its not on thier menu but you will definately love it. Perfect for broke college students (me) and people who love to pick fights because, if the asian drivers dont get you in the mood, the homeless will.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tom T.', '5', "The best Banh Mi Thit Nuong in the bay area.  I always order the Thit Nuong here with 2 cafe sua das since one coffee is not enough.  They always laugh at me because my vietnamese pronunciation is so bad and some old lady always cuts in line in front of me but this place has the best grilled pork sandwhiches!!!  The bread is good and doesn't cut the roof of your mouth like Lee's sandwiches does."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Xue H.', '5', "5 Stars because it's pretty cheap.  The sandwiches are pretty good--my favorite is the bbq chicken (I don't eat pork), however it gets sorta old fast.  Also, watch out for the very hot pepper they put in it, it got me twice.  I love spicy, but biting into that thing unwittingly was a very bad mistake.  The bubble teas are great though--the avocado one is amazing--thick and creamy like a milkshake.  I feel like they put too many tapioca pearls in it, though.  Other than that, they have some pretty interesting snacks and whatnot, though I wouldn't recommend them.  The taro chip mix seemed very old and had a stale taste/odor."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Matthew S.', '5', "This place has the best vietnamese sandwiches ever!  I always order the #9 which is the shredded chicken.  At the price of $2.25 you can afford to have eyes bigger than your stomach!  Enjoy one with some other great item they have available for purchase.  I've never tried their buffet styled food nor the amazing display of duck, chicken and other baked and bbq goods, but I pick up some of the smaller side dishes like fresh rolls or dessert items they have on display in the center of the grocery section.  Did I mention they also have pearl teas?  I digress.  The only reason I go here is for the sandwhiches.  Cheap and great.  The bread sometimes cuts up the roof of my mouth but that means it's fresh and crispy on the outside and .soft and chewy on the inside.  You can take the sandwiches to go but they have a seating area to enjoy the sandwiches there...  When it's this good who can wait?"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany W.', '4', "mhmm, i'm craving this right now so i thought i'd write a review on it, heheh. i think this is where you should go if you want the best vietnamese sandwich in the area. i didn't know about this place until my friend told me about it, and he was right when he described this as being the best vietnamese sandwich in the area! most def. its so good that i would really drive 13 miles to get one of these sandwiches. everything about this sandwich is what a viet sandwich should be; they give you the right amount of everything, and even the bread is good. the price is so worth it too; 2.50 for most of the sandwiches! the workers here also get your order right bc i usually order with no cilantro or chili in mines, and they don't mess it up like most places. the only downfall to this place would be their location. its such a hassle getting there, but very well worth it. this places leaves me and my tummy smiling (:"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jackson D.', '4', 'After eating at Thanh Huong (spelling?) religously since I was a kid, I have never eaten anywhere else but there for Vietnamese Sandwiches. My wifey took me here a few months ago, and I LOVE IT! You know a good restaurant when you always see lines of people, and this is one of them! The only complaint I have is that their limeade is not as good as Thanh Huong. But big deal right?!?!?! Good service for a Vietnamese place and awesome food.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Helen H.', '4', "The sandwich is how I remembered, before the long skinny bread came along & took over, I like the short fat version of the bread, lightly toasted, extremely fresh & tasty. I was like a kid in a candy store when I first walked in, also b/c I was there before dinner & was extremely hungry. I basically bought everything there, having to read the previous review about finding peanuts everywhere & since my son was allergic to peanuts, I read the description of the dessert carefully before picking a couple out & also made sure I asked the cashier that there were no peanuts, she assured me there wasn't any. Sure enough the first spoonful I gave to my son contained a whole piece of PEANUT!!!!  WTF??? luckily he spit it out immediately & I monitored him nervously hoping nothing bad would happen that I wouldn't need to break out his Epipen! So the food is good, but I took a star out b/c of this incident, also b/c the dessert was way too sweet, I guess this place will be strictly for myself & for those of you who have no food allergy."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jen C.', '4', 'Fish cake sandwich is all that I would eat from a Vietnamese sandwich menu. The fish cake sandwich was good with lots of mayo in it. They put a lot of big pieces of jalapeno in it and I swear my mouth was swollen by them. The sugar cane drink tasted more like orange juice to me since they also put in slices or orange in there. The place has a lot of other items but I was too scared to try any. Some of the items looked pretty old and dusty.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Doug V.', '5', 'Yummy banh mi!   My favorite place for a good vietnamese/french sandwhich.  My personal favorite banh mi is the thit nuong with pate....droolz...o yea simply good.  A must try.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Andy B.', '4', "Stopped by for lunch today and got my usual #1 Banh Mi Thit Nguoi. The bread is light, crusty and airy inside. The pate, ham and headcheese work well together. I was a bit disappointed with the pickled carrot and jicama, it wasn't as sweet as it usually is. Nonetheless, I have been a fan of this place for the past couple of years. I've had more good sandwiches here than average or bad ones. So when I want a Vietnamese sandwich, I go here. It's close to my house too! The other Vietnamese sandwich places are okay but not as good as Huong Lan. The other sandwich that I usually get is the Banh Mi Bi, which is shredded pork skin. It has a sweet fish sauce and fried shallots, hmmm... tasty! It's also pretty cheap at $2.50 a sandwich. This place gets 3.5 stars in my book but since yelp doesn't allow that, I'll round up."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Christopher N.', '5', 'just like the rest of the reviews say, this place is bomb! best sandwiches by far in my opinion. the people there are really nice. sucks how they raised the prices to about .50 cents more.  yummy for my tummy']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Thu H.', '5', 'My favorite Vietnamese sandwich spot! They always make their sandwiches super tasty and filling! You really cannot find a better place for a yummy viet sandwich. Delicious, cheap, and fast. They are usually quite busy so that could get a bit confusing because no one really forms a line.. but still soooo worth it. Mmm Mmm GOOD.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'J J.', '4', "During my college days, I could remember all the vietnamese shops selling sandwiches for $1. But now... What the heck happened? I heard of inflation but they're hittin $2.50 now. Good lawddd! I don't think even gas has increased that much, and that's coming from iraq! Griping aside, Huong Lan makes the best sandwich. There's a key ingredient that they use that few, if any, others use. It's simple really and I'm suprised others have not caught on. It's grounded peanuts. Sorry if I just gave away the secret sauce. I used to go to Lee's Sandwiches way back in the day too but it seems like they're all about the money now and their grilled pork is greasier than pizza."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'nathan b.', '4', '0 percent similar it was so yummy yummy cheap in the wallet too!lol']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Paul C.', '2', "Not impressed, and the Grilled pork sandwich was nothing like Ron described, more like a ham sandwich.  Confusing counter service, small dirty tables.  I'll stick with Lee's for my Vietnamese sandwiches."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'anne n.', '4', "Their sandwiches beat Lee's Sandwiches. Everything is delicious, authentic, and super cheap. They compensate for whatever they lack in service and ambiance. Ambiance, waiters, and fancy service are unnecessary in a sandwich shop anyhow. All of the people working here are Vietnamese. If you don't speak Vietnamese, you can always refer to pictures or menu. Even the hot-serve food is alright. I don't know if the hot-serve food is recommendable for the weak stomach, though. Some of it looks like it's been sitting out."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Albert D.', '4', "the sandwiches here are the best. i've eaten vietnamese sandwiches growing up and sometimes its too bland, sometimes too little meat, or the bread is old, theres always something wrong. here the sandwiches are consistent and always yummy, plus they're cheap and quick if you're in a hurry during the lunch rush. they have a bunch of other dishes on the side too which can serve as a quick meal. I usually order the #1 since i've grown up eating that one, and definitely way better than Lee's as the bread isnt hard and chewy."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Emanuel M.', '5', 'damn, i always hear of this place from friends saying they got bomb ass sandwiches here, and apparently they do!  i came here with my white boy friend looking for something cheap and good.  i ordered the #1 ham sandwich with pate, and hot damn it was hella good!  for $2.50, i can eat this all day!!! hahaha ill definitely be coming back for my vietnamese sandwich needs!!! ;D']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'L N.', '4', "Huong Lan has awesome sandwiches @ $2.50 a piece. I mean seriously... 3 sandwiches and a Cafe Sua Da (Vietnamese coffee)  for $10 bucks? That's a deal! The quality of the food is superb to the closeby Lee's sandwiches.  I only reason why I gave them 4 stars is because it's a pain to get there because Tully Road is always busy with bumper to bumper traffic. It's really worth a shot. I mean what else do you got to lose when many others are just as happy as I am."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Marie M.', '5', "OMG I have lived in the east side almost my entire life, and I can't believe I never knew about this place. Thank you Yelp! For $2.50 you can get a grilled pork sandwich. I think there is a fair amount of meat, but if you want extra I think it's an additional $.50 or $.75. Pearl tea is $2.75 for some drinks, and it so good! I've had their coffee pearl tea, and it tastes like a cafe sua da. Also their taro pearl tea is made with real taro, none of that fake purple stuff. They are open at 5am by the way, so I've come in at like 6am to get spring rolls for breakfast. Also they close at 9pm. Again, so good, and so cheap.  Cash only by the way. I used their atm, and it malfunctioned and only gave me half the money, so bring cash before hand."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'cayate I.', '4', 'I mostly come here for the  banh mi thit nuong (grilled pork) sandwiches and boy are they good! The meat has this perfect kinda smoky flavor, lightly tossed in special mayo and it just heaven! Sometimes, late in the afternoon the bread they use harden so that sometimes puts a damper on my sandwich eating experience but I still love it!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'P Z.', '3', 'The sandwich is alright, I eat one which thit nguoi. Heard other said thit nuong, grill pork is great, but have not try it. Have not been back for quite a while, I try the one in Senter road, it is OK too.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sistrsprkl S.', '1', "Ok, disclaimer: I'm a vegetarian. Maybe the meat sandwiches are much better but the veggie one was the nastiest banh mi I've ever had - and I've had quite a few (I've even had much better from a donut shop!). Instead of a nice tofu steak, it was filled with little pieces of extremely dry fried tofu and what appeard to be root veggies. Overall, it was very dry and tasteless. I was excited to try this place but was utterly dissapointed by the sandwhich. Sorry Huong Lan."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Lila J.', '5', "Best Vietnamese sandwich place!  And it's super cheap!  We get the grilled pork."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'tuna t.', '5', 'i loooove the #10 cha ca sandwich with extra jalapenos. the peppers are actually spicy, some days more than others. i like the homemade soymilk too. the bread is just really good and the right kind of crunchy. the seasoning is just right, not too plain or too salty. overall just really good. the other sandwiches wont let you down either. i go like 2 or 3 times a week. coffee and some banh mi = a good day to me.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Nathan B.', '5', "Cheap, quality banh mi.  Does not get better than this place, each sammie is 2.50 and then I have always paid the extra 50cents to get extra meat.  Ordering is somewhat difficult due to language barriers, but everyone I have talked to has been friendly and tried to be helpful, so all is forgiven.  The grilled pork and shredded chicken is my usual order.  The Tully Rd Lee's should never have any business as long as HL remains there."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Sasa S.', '4', 'sandwiches are pretty good. their dried shredded pork is good too. i also like their thai ice tea with boba. boba cooked to the right chewiness. will def come back. decent price too for the food and good variety of sandwiches.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Megan F.', '4', 'Yelp never steers me wrong. Awesome sandwiches for $2,50?! Yes! Me & the man got the BBQ pork, BBQ chicken, and fish cake. BBQ pork was the best. Will definitely go again.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jam T.', '5', 'Darn! An awesome sandwich for $2.50 Nothing can beat that. Tried their beef ball and fish sandwich. So juicy and fresh. Just tell them to put less jalapeno pepper otherwise you may burn your mouth and stomach. I like the flavor and simpleness of Vietnamese food.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'KEN S.', '5', 'The best, this place far outdoes Lees in food tastiness, authentic ambiance and variety of other Vietnamese treats.  My review is biased by my Midwestern upbringing  by parents of Japanese-Swedish extraction.  When I travel to the south bay from Santa Cruz this is my #1 choice in any prirce range.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Laura W.', '4', "My dad used to bring Huong Lan Sandwiches home to SF when I was a kid. Now that I can drive and live in San Jose I get to eat it anytime! Their sandwiches are the bomb! Other vietnamese sandwiches have super hard and dry bread but Huong Lans bread is crunchy on the outside and a little moisty inside with goodies in it! I think they can tidy up the place a bit though.. I feel like I'm walking through a warehouse especially on my way to the bathroom. I almost knocked over their soy sauces one time.I don't think I've had any sandwaiches that beat Huong Lans!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Cindy F.', '5', "Finally, a place that reminds me of the days when I used to go to hole in the wall Vietnamese sandwhich shops in Oakland!  Although I'm on a Vegetarian diet this month, I heard Huong Lan was one of the best places around to get a Vietnamese sandwhich thanks to Yelp.  I decided to make a dietary exception and give their BBQ chicken sandwhich a try figuring they didn't have a vegetarian option.  Wooahh, I was pleasantly surprised to find that they did actually have a vegetarian sandwhich option.  I was skeptical, being a newly converted vegetarian, but boy let me tell you their vegetarian sandwhich was surprisingly really good!  I didn't even mind that I didn't get the bbq chicken sandwhich, but I'm sure it would have been bomb too the way they make their sandwhiches!  One bite into the sweet fresh baked french roll whilst the crust gently crumbled in my mouth, and I was in Vietnamese sandwhich heaven!  I peaked inside the sandwhich to see inside and what I was told was tofu looked more like deep fried onion strings.  To be honest, I have no idea what it was, but it was friggin good!  So I ain't complainin'  It was accompanied with fresh cucumber, julienned carrots and some sort of a white radish (maybe daikon?), cilantro and mayo with the perfect hint of fish sauce.  For $2.50, that definitely screams value compared to Subway and tastes so much better!  Since I moved to the south bay over 10 years ago, I've tried Mr. Lee's once, and there's just no comparison.  I am so happy to have found this place that brings back fond memories of growing up surrounded by Chinese and Vietnamese communities in Oakland.  Huong Lan, you rock my world.  Thank you  :-)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Crystal L.', '4', "Pretty good banh mi here. Sandwiches are 2.50 each and have an okay amount of meat, lots of pickled veggies and a few jalapenos. The bread was a little too light and crispy though. Kind of like the wonderbread of baguettes as far as I'm concerned. Their packaged food looked good and I'll try some next time."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer S.', '5', "wanna do something culturally inspiring? check my nxt review! *** one of the best $2.50 I spent on a Vietnamese sandwich. vietnamese sandwiches are like a golden treasure... they're quick and easy to eat, and quite filling to most matters. feels like Lee's but not as over-rated...  they sell all sorts of goodies in to go packs, a fast food type foodie onto the left when you walk in. family owned, super super friendly folks ... after getting my $2.50 pork sandwich, i told the lady at the cashier that i wish they more of a variety in sf for vietnamese food.. she smiles, and little did i know that she was one of the owners. there are so many other huong lan's, at most, 5, not in sf, but in nor cal, and each family member owns them. after finding out that i was from sf, she gave me a few locations of the places they delivered their meat to and thanking me for coming to san jose to buy a sandwich. =D  the baguette was perfectly toasted and crunchy...i even love how they load up your meat and the condiments..  3 simple words.. cheap, fast and yummy yummy.. (ok, mebe that was 4 words)... kudos!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Raoul D.', '4', "i got 1 bbq chicken, 1 bbq pork, and 1 pork bun. the former 2 were huge and delicious. (the pork bun wasn't so much the kind i like, it had an egg on top inside, rather than the more dim-sum-y type of pork bun i personally prefer eating.)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Angie L.', '5', "Best banh mi thit nuong on the entire planet!!! Their cha selection and other snacks are good too. My usual is the banh mi thit nuong, a stick of cha hue and a can of Yeo's soybean milk and I'm good to go!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'A M.', '4', "The sandwiches are good here, but I like the catfish in the clay pot here a lot.  It's a fast food place, but that dish reminds me of what my aunt would make.  It's good home cooking that's fills the soul.  =)"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'A.T. P.', '4', "My only favorite vietnamese sandwich place! I like their sandwiches much more than Lee's! I've been eating their sandwiches ever since I was 7. I like their ham and the grilled pork ones"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'sara e.', '4', "We came to try out this sandwich shop after watching them featured on the PBS documentary Sandwiches That You Will Like.  We both got the #7, grilled pork, and shared some spring rolls.  The sandwiches were definitely good, and different from the usual.  What was amazing was the price!  $2.50 for a sandwich so big I almost couldn't finish? Crazy!"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Art N.', '4', 'i always stop by here when im in san jo. the people are friendly and the service is great.']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Chrisjan Y.', '4', 'my fav sandwich shop! the pork roll w/pate is great. i really like the bread its not the hard baguette type. i usually stop by once a great to grab a couple to take to work. u can also grab a combo plate w/rice and the selection is huge!!!!']
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Xing L.', '4', "forget lee's sandwich! huong lan shyts on lee sandwich! yes i was once the faitful customer of lee's sandwich but once i took a bit out of huong lans sandwich, i will never walk through the doors of another lee sandwich...i live right next store to a lee's sandwich[aborn/white], but id gladly drive to tully for one of their cha lua sandwiches. i guess its the way they toast their bread, the maggi sauce, and the pate? either way you end up satisfied at the end of your sandwich and for around 2 bucks, im all for it. located where right on the corner king/tully...you cant miss it !"]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Bucky M.', '5', "Excellent sandwiches and pearl milk tea. Their pearl milk tea is equally as good as Fantasia's (which is the best ever)."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Ryan D.', '5', "Over the past several months, the Vietnamese sandwich has worked its way into my lunch rotation.  A couple of times a month I try out a new sandwich shop...and I think think think...that this is the best yet.  And sandwiches and dessert for two people at a total of less than $7?  Both the tummy and the wallet say 'yummy,' yo."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Klayton T.', '5', "love the sandwiches. the bread isn't too hard and they aren't dry. it doesn't tear the roof of my mouth up so i'm definitely happy with that. traffic can be a pain in the area but it's wroth the try."]
['huong-lan-sandwich-san-jose-2', 'Matthew L.', '5', 'best vietnamese sandwiches around!! Same people behind the counter for years now, always nice and friendly!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kathleen L.', '4', "I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place! I grew up eating at this restaurant. This place is my family's go-to Hu Tieu spot! Hu Tieu Nam Vang is a Cambodian-Chinese concoction that the Vietnamese 'borrowed' and then made their own! A lot of the Yelpers who reviewed this restaurant have the information spot on. So, the things I say are probably going to be redundant. My go-to dish is #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang with a side of chinese donuts and xiu mai (meatball). Hu Tieu Nam Vang is a special combination noodle dish, consisting of pork and seafood. You can choose to eat this dish with rice or egg noodles. I usually get this dish dry, which comes with soup on the side. Sometimes, I eat this dish with the soup - depending on my mood. Either way, they are both good.  Like everybody said, this restaurant does not look very clean and the parking lot sucks. If anything, you can try looking for street, but be careful because certain parts of the street does not have a designated crosswalk."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ellina Y.', '5', "I've been coming here for 30+ years since I was a kid with my family. In those 30+ years this place hasn't changed much. No major updates or renovations, but still perfect. We come here for the same dish every time. One half of the family: soup on the side with rice noodles, the other soup inside (the waiters are actually used to people ordering like this), sometimes my dad likes to switch it up with egg noodles. One of the waitresses speaks: khmer, vietnamese, mandarin, and cantonese! Figure out what you want then order this isn't the place to dillydally over the menu and have long philosophical talks about bean sprouts. You come here for the food and quick service. Not for the world's friendliest service. Not for the stylish decor, not for the lighting, the atmosphere, etc. It' a hole in the wall establishment that's been in operation in Eastside San Jose for decades. It's a community staple and it's all about the food, period. It's great food, great price, authentic flavors that my parents grew up with in Cambodia that are hard to find anywhere outside of Long Beach if not Cambodia/Vietnam itself!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Betty N.', '4', "Just reiterating what a lot of fellow yelps have said:  - don't expect anything close to stellar service. Just like the other 99% of Asian establishments similar to this one, once your food comes out you will cease to be of existence until it's time to pay. If you come in with the expectation of good service and will dock a star; walk out. - get the hu tieu nam vang (both dry or with broth it's still good) - get the shu mai (off menu meatball). So good.  - cash only. Tip: if you forget to bring cash and the post office across the street is open, go over, get some stamps, and get cash back with your transaction (luckily, it wasn't busy the day I went ).  Now I want hu tieu."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ee Vonn Y.', '2', "Seafood Hu Tieu - Dry, sticky thin noodles. And when I say dry, I mean no flavor and noodles stuck together. Asked for extra sauce because there wasn't enough flavor. Good amount of seafood. Seafood was soft. Soup - Very good.  Special Cambodian Rice Noodle - Same issue as above.  Interior - Very quiet. Can hear other tables munching in silence.  Service - Alright. Needed to go up to the counter to getplace my  their attention to order and to get any extra items like sauce."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yennhu N.', '3', "This review is only based on my most recent visit. I've been coming here with my family for as long as I can remember, but my latest visit might be my last.  I believe there was a change in ownership because something was off. I came in and was seated right away, which was a bit odd since its always so busy and loud in here. I'll admit, the service was a lot better this time than other times. I got the hu tieu nam vang-dry. It's the only thing i ever get here. I also ordered the meat ball and Chinese donut. The noodles come with heart, liver, sliced pork, ground pork and 2 shrimp. It is served with a bowl of broth and a piece of pork and bone. Sound very appetizing but it didnt taste as great as all the other times I've been here. The sauce in the dry noodles was very mild and the broth wasn't as sweet and hearty as before. The meatball was not good at all, so much that I didnt even take home the large amount leftover. Also, there has been a slight increase in price.   Nam Vang is located in a packed plaza with lots of other businesses so parking is always tight and never comes easily."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Romeo K.', '4', 'In A Nutshell: -Established in 1987, Nam Vang (Vietnamese) which literally translates into Phnom Penh (Cambodian capital) serves simple, yet effective dry noodle soup. -Dry noodle soup, is basically a soup that\'s dry (soup is on the side). -To enjoy the full experience you need to order the "chinese donuts" and the "meatball". -Don\'t forget to add those tiny green pickled peppers (not hot). Overall, been coming here a decade, food hasn\'t changed, still very good..simple, yet effective South East Asian cuisine.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steph N.', '5', "Delicious! I've been coming here for years. I get the dry noodle bowl with the donut appetizer. My love likes to get a shu Mai with his bowl and Chinese donut. Our whole families enjoy eating here as well as friends."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenni T.', '5', "The food here is delicious!  I love the sauce they use for their dry noodles.  Portion wise, it's a pretty good size for a large.  Service is quick, food comes out pretty fast, but the only downfall is if you come at the wrong time (especially on a weekend) they get packed and the plaza they are in hardly even have any parking."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Carla B.', '5', "My favorite place of all time. It's cash only so remember that. I always get the combination w soup on the side. Chinese donuts are a must. It's so good and super busy on the weekends but I think Chinese donuts are free on Sundays?? Parking is kind of hectic but I haven't ever really run into many problems finding a spot so far. Even when the line is out the door. It's one of the best places around or.... yeah I don't think there are even any others that do it like this. If there are, let me know. And don't tell me bout that place in Milpitas, been there. I'd rather go here."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Shannon H.', '3', "This was my first time ever eating here, and I have to say it was just average - nothing special for me. I decided to order a small #1 with soup on the side as it seemed like one of their more popular dishes. My first impression was how small this portion was. I wasn't super hungry at the time, so it was the perfect size for me, but if you come here hungry I would suggest ordering a large. The food was good overall, but I feel like it was really simple to make. The noodles just tasted like rice noodles with soy sauce. Some of the meats were bland and dry. The soup was pretty good and the bone-in meat in the soup was really soft and tender. Overall, the food was just okay - not great, but not terrible either."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy D.', '3', "CASH ONLY!! I had high expectations for Nam Vang since they are regarded as the OG Hu Tieu/Cambodian Noodle spot, but sadly, they weren't as good as some of the other places I've tried recently. They were already fully packed by 10:30am on a Sunday, so there are many others that probably wouldn't agree with my rating. However, it was a very short wait since the tables turn over quickly. We were seated within 5 minutes, and tried: -#1: Special Cambodian Noodle (1/2 Rice Noodle + 1/2 Egg Noodle, Soup on the Side, $8.75,  ): I liked the egg noodle more than the rice noodle, since it was more flavorful. Their noodles and other ingredients were very skimpy for the price- I only got two small shrimp and a few tiny slices of pork! The flavors were pretty good, but nothing special.  -Side of Soup ( ): Solid soup, and the meat on the pork bone was nice and tender. -Side of Chinese Donut & Meatball ( ): The Chinese donut was just average, but I didn't like this meatball at all. There was a lot of that porky aftertaste from the likely lower quality ground pork they use, and they also add a lot of diced radish or other vegetable. I wouldn't order either again, but it seemed like all the other tables ordered at least the meatball, and most ordered both dishes. -French Drip Coffee w/Condensed Milk ($4.25): Super strong! They don't add a lot of condensed milk here, so only order if you like your coffee really strong and not very sweet. Service was fine for a noodle spot like this, and they speak English well. They give you your check early on, and you bring your check to the front to pay your bill when you're ready. I probably wouldn't try to battle the crowds to come back here again when craving Hu Tieu, unless I really wanted egg noodles. There was still a decent amount of parking available at 10:30am, but this lot gets crowded. The spots are also very small so be careful about door dings."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina Y.', '4', 'Apparently the best place for Cambodian dry noodles. It\'s the only dry noodles I\'ve ever had, so it\'s the best to me! I think that this is all the place is worth for though.  If you haven\'t had the dry noodles, it\'s definitely a "must-get." The sauce that comes with the noodles is a mixture of savory and a little sweet and a little tang. It\'s delicious! (Just mix well.)  I also tried a bite of the beef stew but I wasn\'t impressed in any way. Just stick to what they\'re known for and what is good.  Service is what you could expect. Go up to the register and pay your bill. (Cash Only!) I didn\'t have horrible service. I thought it was good even, quick and efficient. I had to ask for my things, but that\'s the expectation there.  I\'ll definitely be back when the craving strikes!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vy T.', '5', '--- CASH ONLY---- ***ATM available in sketchy Cafe about 4 shops to the right of the restaurant LOL****  Solid place for hieu tieu nam vang - a favorite dish in my family. The GOOD: + Plenty of parking, as it\'s in a plaza  + Love their meatball appetizer... I don\'t remember the actual price, around $2-3 for 1, but worth  + You get a sizeable portion of beef bone soup to go with your dry noodles and there\'s a nice meaty bone in there for ya.. mmm The MEH:  - Long wait for lunch on Saturday ~ at least 20 mins during the times that I\'ve been there  - The tables/chairs are not leveled and the restaurant itself feels kinda grimy (could be a good or a bad thing, depending on how you look at it haha... pretty authentic to me x) ) - Sometimes you get too much sauce in your noodles or too little.. The sauce itself is very salty, so if you get too little, it\'ll be pretty overpowering... if too little sauce, the noodles stick together :\\  TIP: The meatball and chinese donuts pictured are not on the menu, so you have to order separately when they take your order. Just say "meat ball" and they\'ll get what you\'re talking about.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sandra L.', '2', "My husband and I were looking to try something close by when we were in town and since this place had good ratings and the photos looked amazing, we decided to give it a try.  This is a very small restaurant that isn't the best looking when you step inside. It wasn't busy when we came so we were seated right away. We both ordered the special Cambodian rice noodle, soup on the side along with a side of Chinese donuts. When our food arrived I was very excited. The noodles looked so good, but I guess looks can be deceiving. I was disappointed with it. It just tasted mediocre to me. Nothing special. When I took the first bite, I thought...ehhh. It's just okay. The Chinese donuts, by the way, was very stale and hard. It tasted like it had been sitting out for hours. It would have not been pleasant if it was eaten by itself, but dunking it into the broth I had on the side made it bearable to eat. I thought the side broth tasted quite nice. It came with a peice of pork bone meat that was very tender...falling off the bone. I enjoyed that better than the noodle I had.  Overall, this isn't something I would be craving to come back for, but it was a good experience."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trn Quang L.', '2', 'Not good as I expected, ate here at 9:30 PM -Just a little bit noodle and meat for $12 so I have to order a small bowl of noodle WITH BROTH and they somehow charge me without broth price (more expensive obviously). - services are not too bad but kinda slow, they were focusing more on cleaning the table than a customer with a hungry stomach!  - when I asked for an extra vegetable and lime, they were like who cares and told each other to get it.. The result, I had to stand up and ask for it. - the flavor is common, not as good as other restaurant. Strength - their chili is tasty. Total: Mi Nam Vang + Extra Noodle with broth was around $17 ( tips included)  - Not coming back again']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dean C.', '3', '8/4/17 I think this might be the first Cambodian restaurant I\'ve ever been to.  There\'s definitely similarity to Thai and Vietnamese food, or perhaps that\'s due to the owner\'s heritage?--I don\'t know.  My Cambodian friend who apparently knows of the owner says he\'s part Vietnamese and part Khmer, so there\'s that. So, I guess you can think of your surroundings and ambiance one of two ways: 1) authentic Cambodian restaurant humility, or 2) unusually craptastic hole-in-the-wall.  But it will be as ethnic as it gets.  Guess it adds flavor.  Personally, I think it\'s cool. But alas, the food is why we come--so what do I think?... 01. Dac Biet Hu Tieu Nam Vang $8.50 "special Cambodian rice noodle" (Kuy Teav):  This is the one dish you ABSOLUTELY MUST order if you come.  And, I ain\'t even gonna build up the suspense--it\'s basically the ONLY GOOD DISH we had. I was telling my Cambodian friend what I thought of the other things we ate, how it all basically sucked, but she kept asking, "But are the noodles good?  ARE THE NOODLES GOOD???"  Adding, "As long as the noodles were done good, I don\'t care if you poo poo on the rest."  And so there you have it... don\'t come for anything else but the noodles. They should ask you if you want the soup on the side, and that\'s how we got it as recommended by our friend.  The noodles are extremely chewy and elastic--perfectly made and cooked.  There\'s a good sauce in there too, shrimp, various sliced meats and ground meat, spices, and small bits of herbs and vegetables.  There\'s one big chunk of soup bone and meat in the broth.  I guess you pour some of that soup into the bowl with the noodles and mix it up to your liking.  And it\'s delicious!  8/10 101. Ca Bong Lao Chien $11.95 "deep fried catfish":  Fried pretty well, but with ZERO seasoning.  I mean NONE.  Like as in no salt whatsoever.  They do supply a side bowl of sweetened fish sauce with I think shredded mango, which tastes alright--but you really must dip the fish in there to have any flavor whatsoever.  Kinda works though if you do.  It\'s too bad though cause the coating is pretty good.  (Chef, would it have hurt you to add just a little salt?)  4/10 (not on menu). Meatball $?:  My gf saw a picture of this on Yelp, and it looked cool so we showed the pic to the waiter.  He said it\'s not on the menu--guess you just gotta know?  The In-N- Out Secret Menu of Cambodian food I guess.  Basically a boiled pork meatball with onions mixed in, served with a bit of the soup. Anyway, it was horrible.  Clearly cooked a long time ago and left in the air without covering.  The skin was darkened and dried out.  Was a bit cold too.  Flavor wasn\'t much better than what my mom made for me.  Texture was off, and it didn\'t stay together well.  2/10 ?. Youtiao, aka Chinese Cruller or Chinese Doughnut $?:  We also asked for this by picture (thanks Yelp.)  So I guess Cambodians eat this too.  I think you dip this in the broth for the noodles.  So, this may not be The Worst I\'ve Ever Had, but it\'s close.  It\'s ULTRA SUPER STALE.  Like so amazingly stale that I put a few pieces in the soup and left them for like 5min, and they didn\'t get soggy at all!  Like, we\'re talking the Captain Crunch of youtiao\'s!!!  Horrible.  2/10 157. Soda Xi Muoi "soda with preserved plum" $3.75:  I pretty much get this at every Vietnamese place.  I saw the price--nearly $4 and thought wow, either this is the best ever, or it\'s an extreme ripoff... It was the latter.  I think might be the WORST preserved plum soda I\'ve ever had!  It almost felt like they reused the crushed plums before like how Chinese restaurants recycle tea leaves.  So amazingly little plum flavor.  And for $4, just ridiculous.  1/10 In conclusion..... WTF?  Zero embellishments around the restaurants.  CASH ONLY.  Craptastic furniture.  I mean, clearly as little money was spent as possible.  And the prices aren\'t really all that cheap either.  Where did all the money go??? 3/5 #cambodian #kuyteav #hutieu #sanjose']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sharon N.', '5', "Overall, I think it tasted delicious! I noticed a lot of people got the #1 as well, but I got the soup on the side instead. We also got 2 meatballs that aren't on the menu. Those were very delicious as well. For all the food purchased (picture below), we spent about $18. (note: cash only)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vivian H.', '4', "You know when you humm and haww, look at the menu and ya know, PRETEND like youre to order something different? But you know damn well youre gonna order the same shit? Yeah this is the place for me. I always like try new dishes but this place... gets me EVERY TIME.  I always always always get the Dac Biet Hu Tieu Nam Vang, or english -- the special Cambodian rice noodle... dry style with soup on the side! you get that sweet and savory unique sauce of theirs and then alternate with the soup and WABAM heaven in your mouth. I love the saucy mixture that coats the shrimp, liver and fried garlic bits. yuuummmm The oxtail soup is delicious and the meat falls off the bone Ive also had their chinese donuts on the side, but it is not as fresh as i would like them to be. Their sui mai.. omggg DONT BE SCAMMED BY THE NAME!! its not something you'd over off a dim sum cart. its this super juicy pork meatball they serve on a little plate CASH ONLY  Parking sucks sometimes because even thought the plaza is relatively big, there arent enough spots to accommodate the people who come"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristie L.', '3', "My obsession with hu tieu nam vang continues.... Finally was able to try the most original place!  Came here for a Saturday lunch and I was surprised there weren't that many people. Probably only waited 5-8 minutes before we got seated. Parking may be hard but we were lucky and got a spot in front. They are also cash only! Ordered the rice noodle with soup on the side. Was a little disappointed though after hearing everyone rave about this place... I feel like their noodles were a little bit too dry for me. They were all stuck together at first and I had to pour some soup in to get them to separate. I had to keep drinking the soup along with eating the noodles... Their chinese donuts are okay, better if you dip them into the soup. Also ordered their meatball! It was okay, not for me, but definitely worth a try if you've never had!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yen P.', '4', "My family and I have been coming here for years. They make the best hu tieu nam vang I've tried so far in San Jose. The restaurant is pretty old. Their decor and just general cleanliness reflect that. But that doesn't seem to keep me or the general population from this place. It can get very crowded during weekends. Service is friendly and speedy. I also believe they are cash only.  I order my usual hu tieu nam vang special, dry style. You can order their noodle dishes here with soup or dry. If you order it dry, you get a small bowl of bone broth on the side. I also got the xieu mai (a flavorful pork meatball) and this comes with the crispy fried bread sticks.  As usual, the hu tieu is cooked to perfection, not too soft. The sauce is flavorful and savory. I love the minced meat the most. It's just the perfect flavor combo! The xieu mai is soft and just the right amount of salty. It's here where I can satisfy my carb and meat cravings all in one spot! I always come here when I visit the family and I'm drooling just typing this."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Son H.', '4', 'Service: horrible  Cash only Food : delicious Parking is crazy I think you have to ignore the service here to enjoy your Hu Tieu Nam Vang. They should remodel this place , the interior is hella old']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Teresa L.', '5', 'Definitely a 9/10, cheap, filling and yummy even for a small  THIS PLACE IS AN AMAZING HOLE IN THE WALL for hu tieu kho :):)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jyasmin Y.', '4', "Love Hu tieu from here. I don't really know how to describe that dish, but it's a dry viet noodles with soup and ground meatball on the side. From what I was told, that's the only thing you should order there to live up to a 4 star rating."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yvonne N.', '3', "Parking is decent. Customer service is ok. We ordered #1 rice noodle and #9 egg noodle both dry with soup on the side....oh and the meatball.  Food is fine. Mediocre. I had high expectations based on yelp reviews but found the noodles to be unremarkable. Not chewy. Kind of oily. The meat and seafood was also mediocre.  It's not bad. Just not great. It's okay."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rio O.', '2', "I've had this bookmarked for so long and I'm disappointed it didn't live up to the hype and expectations.  I was surprised that there was a line out the door when I came here. Luckily the lined moved quickly and we were seated after 15 minutes. The facility is on the smaller side and it's quite run down. It took some time to take our order which was understandable since it was so busy. Also, parking can be quite a challenge in this plaza. I ordered three plates - the meatball, Chinese Donut, and #9 dry. The meatball was tasty however I wasn't expecting it to easily fall apart. The Chinese donut was stale which was disappointing because the best part of it is its crunchiness. Lastly, #9 dried is similar to their most popular dish (#1) except that it has yellow noodles instead of rice noodles. Their yellow noodle didn't have a distinct taste and/or freshness that I've had in other places. They were generous in their meats however the bowl just lacked in flavor. The saving grace for the meal was definitely the complimentary soup on the side that comes with the dried noodle. The oxtail was cooked extremely well and the broth's flavor was delicious. Maybe (if I ever come back) I should try a dish with soup next time for me to change my mind about this place. But for a spot that's known for their dried noodles, it just wasn't close to what I envisioned it to be."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Karen Z.', '4', 'I am not too familiar with Vietnamese food, but my friends recommended this place and they helped me decide their favorite dish.  I ordered their #1 and my friends told me to get it dry. It came with a side of soup which I was told to take sips between a few bites of the noodles, or slowly incorporate it in the dry noddles. The soup, at first, was pungent, but it was nice and clear that paired well with the salty noodles. I found some ground pork, few pieces of chicken and beef, and lots of herbs. I loved the noodles and thought that a whole new Vietnamese cuisine world opened for me. I added bean spouts, cilantro, green onions, and a squeeze of lemon that made the noodles have more flavor, crunch, and freshness. I also had an order of spring rolls that came out later (because they mistakenly brought egg rolls instead). The rice paper was thicker and chewier than I am used to, but the flavor was still nice and familiar. I loved their peanut sauce, which was a little spicy and crunchy from then crushed peanuts. I wish they put more basil and mint inside because I enjoy the herby taste that cleanses the mouth.  Overall, this place a bit intimidating at first, but luckily my friends helped me along the way. If you are also exploring different cuisine, do some research or bring a friend along that is knowledgeable in the cuisine!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffanie W.', '2', "I'm not sure why this place has so many high ratings. Hubs and I came here on a busy Monday afternoon to try their Cambodian noodles. A friend recommended this place after hearing that we love Noodle Hut in Milpitas. I ordered #1 and hubs ordered #9; we both got soup on the side. We also ordered chinese donut. The portions are small and the noodles are bland. The soup tastes like any other pho broth and don't even get me started on the Chinese donuts...I'm pretty sure they are a day old (chewy and stale). We will not be coming back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trung H.', '3', "3.5 stars Came here with family and friends often when we were in nearby neighborhood. - Parking: OK. - Staffs/Cashiers: OK. - Did not have to wait long for your seats. - This restaurant's signature dishes are called 'Hu Tieu'. All of them are decent good. - Price: reasonable. Will definitely come back to try something else since it has a very rich menu."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katherine N.', '4', "Omg Nam Vang is so good. I always get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang (dry) with chinese donuts! PROS - the hu teiu is just seriously BOMB. I haven't been to another Viet restaurant that has hu tieu that compares to this place. CONS - the plaza/parking structure is horrendous, the restaurant is cash only, there is no waitlist to write your name down (you just have to wait by the door to be called), and overall, the place looks like it barely passed its health inspection test (or did it?).  So there might be a lot of cons. But hey- all the cons are pretty stereotypical of a traditional Vietnamese/Asian restaurant, right? Nothing out of the ordinary here, so I'm not complaining lol"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Antonio W.', '5', 'Once you try Nam Vang you better be ready to start craving their food on a regular basis.  I keep coming back for the #1 combination dry noodles with broth on the side and the meatballs. The noodles are sticky and covered in a rich, savory dark sauce with pork bits and seafood. The broth is clear and flavorful. I find myself craving this dish whenever I have a hangover but also on random weekdays.  The pork meatballs are made with lots of onions which makes them very juiced when steamed. They are served as single "sides" in a small bowl of their own broth. - would highly recommend.   TIP: Come early in the day if you want to get the meatballs, they sell-out.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sabrina N.', '4', 'Yummy!!!!! Ordered their #1 dac biet hu tieu kho. It contains so much flavor, especially when you add in the extra chili on the side. It is a little bit oily for my liking but overall is still good. The bowl comes with a side of broth and doughnuts. This is by far the best place to get hu tieu kho in San Jose though.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Inez J.', '3', "Parking in the lot/plaza is horrible. A lot of their parking are reserved for stores. I came here on Wed at 12.30pm. Street parking is better. Customer service is horrible. After deciding what I want,  I went to the cashier table with the menu and put it on the table. There was an older lady standing there and just looking around. She saw me but said nothing. So I just wait until she is ready to take my order.   A customer came with a receipt and gave it to that lady. She gestured her to where I am. She was annoyed that my menu was on the table and rudely grabbed it and slapped it away with a scoff. Seriously?! Why do you think a customer (me) is standing in front of a cashier table with a menu?! To order of course!!! 1) you didn't take my order or even recognize my presence 2) you slapped my menu away angrily like I did some crime! So I went to another lady. I ordered their house noodle.  She asked: you want dry or soup noodle?  Me: I'm not sure (being my first time here). Which one is better? Lady: dry is with sauce, soup is with soup. Which one you want? Me: (still not getting any help at all and confused) which one do you like? Lady getting annoyed: look around! See which one is dry which one is soup. Which one do you want??? Geez. Such nice customer service right? As for the noodles, they got stuck together pretty quickly but it tasted good. I ended up ordering the dry one. I won't come back. Horrible customer service exceeds the quality of their food. No tip for you!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jasmine N.', '5', "I've been coming here since I was just a little girl. This place will always have a good place in my heart. They're known for their hu tieu kho which is dry rice noodle with pork and shrimp!  They get very busy and have plenty of seating. The wait isn't even all too bad either."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rebecca N.', '2', 'They brought out my order with no bone in the soup on the side, realized it 1/3 way into my meal. They should let us know before we order that they ran out. He apologized afterwards though.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thuy V.', '5', "Number 1!  That's all you need to order and make sure you get the soup on the side.  Order comes with Chinese donut which you will dip into the broth from time to time. The meatball is pretty huge (that's what she said).  I haven't tried anything else, but one of these days I will. Establishment is cash only so come prepared."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin W.', '5', "This place is bomb. Just make sure you order the right stuff. #1 soup in the side, a steamed meatball, and Chinese donuts.  Protip: put some Sriracha and chili sauce in your dried noodles with a couple spoons of broth and stir it up. Throw some of those green pickled chili in there too and done.  If you don't enjoy it, then we probably won't get along in real life."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kendra M.', '1', "Very crowded on weekend. Only put cash only sign on the cashier. Dishes are quite descent. But the service is terrible. It's very crowded when we arrived, so we're seated in a group table. It's our first time there so we haven't familiar with the menu. While 2 other parties on the table ordered food real quick, we're still trying to decide. Less than 3 minutes later, the waitress came and  demanding us to order right away, because she wanted to deliver all the dishes on the same time."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sonya E.', '4', "We have been coming here for years.  It gets really crowded in the mornings during the weekends, so try to avoid it if you're chasing appointments. We ordered the usual Nam Vang Special with the big egg noodles.  The soup is a hit or miss -- today, it was a hit.  The mister asked for Chinese Donuts and an order of the special meatball.   Portion sizes are a lot larger than what I remember. Cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tu B.', '5', 'Best best best hu tieu in the bay area. Been coming here for 20+ years at least 1x a week.  Cash only.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lam L.', '3', "I honestly don't understand the hype on this place. It's mediocre at best.The portions are a bit small and the broth a tad sweet.  I've been going here for awhile and when I was younger it was great, but coming here as an adult ... not as good. The quality has waned quite a bit, I usually would rather go else where and do when its just me, but my friends love this place, so I'll come every now and then.  Over all decent bowl of dry noodles, horrendous parking, CASH ONLY and service is what you expect for a Vietnamese place ... only ehhhh."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Danny N.', '3', "I came here for dinner on a Tuesday night.  The place was easy to find and plenty of parking.  I got their #1 soup and the broth itself is not as strong in flavor as I had hoped.  I'm  a big hu tieu nam vang lover and this place just didn't do it for me for the broth."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy N.', '4', 'Love coming here with my family. The soup is good and taste just like homemade ones. A lot of people come here for their dry noodles, since they are known for it, but I recommend trying the ones with soup as well. Definitely recommend getting the chinese donuts with your order. Portion is well worth the price. Service can be a hit or miss here.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana N.', '5', "Literally the best place for hu tieu! I've been coming here since I was a little kid with my family. We used to come here every single Sunday for lunch. The place has stayed the same ever since with little renovation. I wouldn't expect Nam Vang to have the best cleanliness or have outstanding service. If you ignore either of that and focus on the food, you will be amazed (or well I am).  I usually get the Hu Tieu Xa Xieu Kho. I highly recommend asking for your hu tieu with kho. Kho is just having broth on the side and not in your soup. Your hu tieu will arrive dry. The soup that comes on the side will have beef bone. If you come on a busy day/dinner, you may most likely not get the beef bone on the side because they sometimes run out. What's also good is the chinese donut to eat with the hu tieu! As an appetizer, I also recommend getting the siu mai w/ chinese donut. I believe the siu mai is like a steam meatball (not sure how to explain it).  Parking does suck in this plaza during weekends! There will be tons of people who just park next to the red lanes/handicap spots and giving zero damn."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thanh L.', '4', "I like it.  My favorite place for hu tieu (Cambodian soy sauce noodles) was Saigon Restaurant on story Rd. but they closed down a year ago and I'm not sure what to do with my life.  I came back to this place and it's ok. I always get the noodles dry. It comes with broth on the side and the portions are on the smaller end, which works for me.  My favorite thing here is their steamed meatballs (xiu mai), which are so juicy and flavorful with bits of jicima for crunch. They taste great with the fried Chinese donut.  They get pretty busy here, so if you come on a weekend,  prepare to wait. It's cash ONLY.  And this is the only place I don't leave a tip because the owners take it. (It's been confirmed)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Leanne N.', '5', 'Instantly became one of my favorite places for Vietnamese/Cambodian style noodles.  I am in love with the Seafood Hu Tieu. Everything about it is delicious - I think the sauce is the best part about this dish. They only accept cash so be prepared!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eat Mah D.', '3', "Food is definitely good! I usually get a #1 and opt for the soup on the side and a Chinese donut! The restaurant itself looks a little beat up. It would definitely make you question eating there..but if it's good pho your after then give it a try. Location is in a run down strip mall near the Chuck E Cheese. Be cautious about where you park your vehicle! It's door ding central and nobody ever looks when they turn or back out of parking spots. Cash only (There is an ATM btw)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cathy T.', '5', "One of my favorite restaurants in San Jose!  I get the small hu tieu kho and it comes with a side of soup. Make sure to bring cash because that's all they take. The workers aren't chatty because they're pretty efficient. Gets really busy on the weekend near lunch time and the parking place is small."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angela S.', '1', 'Everything was in rush it not as great as before I noodle soup on the side spring roll. And honey got lemon grass chicken look very small... not that great']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Emily D.', '5', 'Food tasted so good, we ordered two dry Hu tieu Nam Vang Dac Biet, one Gio Chao Quay and Xiu Mai. Tasted so good, I repeated: TASTED SO GOOD.  My sister and I kinda forgot to talk to each other cause we were focusing on enjoying the food....']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andy N.', '4', "This is probably my favorite place for egg noodles with the soup on the side. My noodle loving girlfriend and I came here for a change of pace and was surprised to see how packed it was when it entered, which only means they're doing something right. We got in and were seated pretty quickly. Service is quick and straight to the point. Of course, we got egg noodles with meat and seafood, the whole mi package. Also, you cant forget the chinese donuts when you are here whether it will be a soup noodles or a dry noodles. Food came out fairly quick and we got straight to it. There is something comforting about the environment that might have added to the food. Although it was quite run down the environment added to the authenticity and nostalgic flavor. The food was good enough for a second round as the noodles were firm and flavor was on point. Cant say there is anything wrong with the place and if you get lucky you might even swoop a VIP nam vang parking spot"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sherry L.', '5', "First, I want to say that I LOVE their little meat ball looking dish called shumai. There's just something about it that makes me want to come here just for this tiny little dish. SO FLAVORFUL!!! Another thing I love at this place is their hu tieu. I usually get it dry because I get soup on the side with a bone with lots of meat! I love the soup they give you on the side because it's extremely flavorful and just warms up my soul. I also order the chinese donut on the side to soak in the soup. In the soup there's also bone with lots of meat still on it, and the meat literally just falls off the bone and is extremely tender. If you're mouth is not watering from hearing that then you need to come here and try it for yourself!  I order the #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang and usually the small is enough to fill me up. The noodles with the sauce topped with different types of meat give me a explosion of happiness in my mouth with each single bite. One downside of this place is that the plaza is always busy and is hard to find parking. You may be circling for awhile till you're actually able to find a space."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christie N.', '4', "Love the food here! For the 20+ years that I've gone here, my go to is always the Banh Loc Xao Nam Vang... it's a unique dish that I don't think I've ever had anywhere else. A definite must-try even though most people come here for other noodle dishes.  The place is outdated and run down forsure, and hasn't changed since the first time I've been here. Parking is limited and weekends are a nightmare.  Lastly, the service - horrible. Once you're seated they pretty much forget about you. Waving someone down is impossible and good luck getting any requests fulfilled. Every time I've came here I've had to personally walk up to the counter to ask (again). Like today, they took away my sriracha as i was using it!! Uhh...rude! And took me 20 mins to get it back! Serious?? Unbelievable.  I'm still giving them 4's bc their food is so frikken good! But I seriously hate their service."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Pauline L.', '4', 'My favorite is Bánh Lt Nam Vang, kinda udon but short version. The broth is so tasty. Best part is sweet and sour chilli pepper. Limited parking lot and the space is too small.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lucia L.', '4', "First time having Cambodian noodles and they did not disappoint! Everyone gets the #1 Hu Tieu Dry Noodle dish with a side order of the Chinese donut (you tiao) and the Xiu Mai meatball, so I went ahead and ordered the same. The noodles! OMG. Topped with different meats and a soy-based sauce, these noodles were so flavorful and on point. They do tend to stick together so just add a splash of the beef broth that comes on the side to loosen them up. Add a little sriracha for heat and you'll be slurping it all up in no time! Pretty sure that there's MSG in these noodles somewhere but you won't care when you're in heaven and it's just you and this bowl of noodles lol. Xiu Mai was good, Chinese donuts were meh, but everything paired well together and service was fast and efficient so I have no complaints. I will definitely be back if I'm ever in the area!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sokha S.', '5', "Cash only business but it's soooo good. I always get the Cambodian rice noodle #1  with a side of Chinese donuts to sop up the flavorful broth!!! My 2yo toddler loves the noodles here, and my mom orders the same but with soup on the side.  Maybe I'm biased, but pho franchises cannot compete with the authentic taste of this restaurant. Such a meaty dish of noodles. yes! Parking can be a pain here, but I usually go Monday mornings after a hike with my fambam and it hits the spot every time. Servers speak Vietnamese, Chinese, Khmer, and English!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Darlene D.', '3', "I used to come here all the time when I was small but since the Saigon restaurant opened, my family and I switched to theirs instead. After they closed down  we gave it another shot! We ordered a large mi nam vang, Chinese fried doughnut, and two meatballs (sui mai?). Overall I still liked Saigon better but the broth was very flavorful and hot!! I wished the noodles were a little crunchier and less soft but overall not bad. I'm not sure if they use MSG or not because when we left my boyfriend got an upset stomach and I had a mild headache. REGARDLESS of that, I liked the toppings in the noodle (squid, liver, pork, and shrimp). And the overall meal was pretty good!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Pechraksmey C.', '2', "I don't like the service at Nam Vang place because they never attention to the customer fast and fast.  If the customer ask to pack chili or sauce for noodle to go please do it as you was a service. Don't speak to Vietnam's in front of the customer when you want hidden somethings, no more eating"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lee M.', '1', "Never come back to this place! Was my first and last time at this place. 25 mins between 2 orders because they brought our food to the wrong table. It wasn't enjoyable to eat while my fiancé had to wait for his rice place. I finished my seafood rice noodle before my fiancé's rice place come out. When my food first came out I thought I would add another order since the food in the bowl was too little for lunch, but after I took my first bite I changed my mind. $3 dollars extra for 3 tiny shrimps on top of $10 rice place. The rice place was eh. Rice place doesn't come with soup like rice place at other restaurants. The spoon and folk were dirty. Casher was so mean and showed disrespect right away when I was making payment. Bad choice if you decide to eat here."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Marian S.', '4', "It's Not Vietnamese Pho, its Cambodian Dry Noodles!  Please order their signature #1 with soup on the side. It's a savory sauce with a mixture of seafood, pork and organ meats. The broth is yummy and doesn't linger with fish sauce. It's not Pho so please don't expect that. It's a different kind of noodle dish and a different flavor. With that in mind, it's in a beat up, lock your car doors, cramped parking lot. You might see an accident or two but for real, the food is worth it. Don't come here for the ambiance or the esthetics, this is not Santana Row. But if you're serious about delicious true cultural food, this is it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anh D.', '1', "Bad services  I call to order 2 meal and require to put separate for me and my husband but when i came to pickup they didn't do that and didn't fixed."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'An B.', '4', 'The inside is really janky and you literally get seated like shoulder to shoulder next to all the other ABGs and ABBs of east side san jo but thats how you know the food is gun b fire AF. And it really is. BEST HU TIEU EVER. Get the hu tieu nam vang kho - that means the broth comes on the side although I dont even know why I order it kho because I end up mixing them together anyways... Oh and the Chinese donuts - its called dau chao quay in vietnamese in case you\'re wondering. #truefob. Your parents will literally be like "wtf how you know that" and will love u forever.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cuong N.', '4', "I come here every time I'm in San Jose.  The dry noodles is a mush try and don't for get to order the extra meat ball.  Hit's the spot every time! Expect the service and parking to be like most asian spots around town but definitely worth it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linh N.', '4', "This is thee place for dry noodles! Yes, it's not thee cleanest. Yes, the service isn't 5 stars, but....their food speaks for itself!  Their dry noodle is delicious! If you like Mi Goreng, you'll love this! The broth is sweet and savory due to the beef bones that they cook it with. The meat usually falls off the bone. Though parking isn't great here, there's almost always a line out the door during weekends."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ta N.', '1', 'super bad service. Worst attitude. I have not rateed anything on Yelp. As this experience, I have to create an acct to rate this restaurant. A super unfriendly waitress. ewwwww']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yennie L.', '4', 'Used to go here a lot when I was a child. Their hu tieu nam vang dac biet kho never fails me. They do run out of chinese donuts though..']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle G.', '1', 'My co-worker recommend me this place because she knew I like Vietnamese noodles. I took my kids here to try it out and totally shocking. The place is busy but it\'s run down restaurant. Really dirty and the service was bad "Horrible" we waited forever and nobody comes around to get us water or our orders. And about the food it\'s like a child portion for a large bowl of noodles. It didn\'t even fill my 8 years old son. Their shrimp tasted old and very oily food. Not worth the money don\'t come here.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brian N.', '4', "I've been coming here for the past 8+ years. Its pretty hard to find parking on the weekends and sometimes you'll have to park near chuck e cheese and walk over. I really enjoy the noodles and the broth. Try dipping the Chinese donuts into the soup! Overall, I believe that everyone should try!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tien C.', '1', 'Food: 4 stars. Like the broth. Service: zero out of a thousand. I can\'t complain enough about the service. The lady cashier needs to learn how to greet her customers. We come here to give you money not to steal the money from you so stop wearing that grouchy face. The lady who takes the order MUST learn how to talk to the costumers. I said LEARN TO SERVE.  And this is why... There was an old grandpa came in today and he did not know what to order. So he asked me and my mom and I recommended my food to him. He is old so he walks a little slowly. But then those two ladies looked at him and asked "have enough money to pay?" (In Vietnamese) Wtf is that? What kind of morality is that? I couldn\'t stand. I saw him laughing with tears in his eyes. You can\'t talk to an older person impolitely like that. Never coming back.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christina H.', '2', "Hi Tieu Nam Vang has been here forever and way back when it was poppin. The portions were perfect and the price matched.  Fast forward to today- the portions suck and so do the prices but the flavors are still on point. I only get one thing on the menu and that's the Dac biet- special dry noodles. There's barely any meat or seafood. Why we still come here? I think it's because we're used to the noodles here and it was the original. There are def other places that are just as good if not better tho.  Also, the service sucks so bad."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Debbie D.', '2', "Had higher expectations coming here based on the good review and the reputation people been telling me but sadly it did not impress me like I've hoped for. Got the #1 large with side of meatball and Chinese donut. I felt like the noodle needs more sauce it was bland just the way it is, the sauce is not very flavorful. I don't like the heart or the weird meat they give me. Unsure what it was.  The meatball was just okay, same with the Chinese donut i don't know how u eat it with the dry pho, doesn't seem to be complimenting each other.  I was so excited that I also ordered #1 Togo but it was so dry and the noodle stuck together completely inedible, I should've known. My fault.  CASH ONLY!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny N.', '5', "A cash only hole-in-the-wall restaurant! I ALWAYS get the #1 special Cambodian rice noodle with soup on the side (as pictured in the photo I uploaded) and that is what they are famous for. Comes with flavorful broth with good hunk of meat and the actual noodle dish is dressed with variety of meat, seafood, and a splash of special sauce and IS DA BOMB!!! I like having the noodles dry so I can control the taste the sauce and meat of the dish without having it diluted in broth. I've been eating here for years and whenever I take friends here they're awed. Never tried anything else on the menu but I'm sure those dishes are delicious as well."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gina N.', '5', "Living in NY , I'm deprived of real Vietnamese food because there aren't much good authentic Vietnamese food in the east coast. I knew I had to get some good Vietnamese food while in SJ. This place was recommended to me by my friend that lives in San Jose so I decided to check this place out. Their noodles are so fresh and the broth definitely warms your soul during the cold weather days. I got their Hu tieu Dac Biet which is their special! You can get their noodles dry with the broth on the side as well. I would definitely be back whenever I'm in NorCal!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cuong N.', '4', "My favorite hu tieu place in north CA. The meat ball is exceptional. If you come here you must try that no question ask. The hu tieu is VERY GOOD - it's super authentic too. I come from Vietnam so I know the authentic taste. Fresh ingredient. Will definitely come back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie T.', '4', "You can never go wrong with nam vang. There's more dishes to Vietnamese food than pho and rice plates, and this is one of them. This is a great hang over cure too.  I always get the #1 special combination hu tieu, soup on the side. It is my ultimate comfort food. I order 1 meatball (it's big enough to share) and 1 order of Chinese donuts to dunk in my broth. Everyone eats their hu tieu differently, some people add sugar to bring out the flavor (they have a small sugar dispenser on every table for such use) or add sauces for flavor. Personally, I think it is packed with flavor on its own, all I do is add some lemon, veggies and peppers, and it's good to go. I'm actually starting to crave a bowl as I write this review.  My experiences here have been pretty consistent. Minimal to no wait, the food comes out quickly, but the service isn't that great, but then again what else can you expect from an Asian restaurant \u200d"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lisa N.', '5', 'VIETNAMESE PORRIDGE!!! Literally what I have ordered here for the past 2 times I visited this restaurant.  Food:  My go to is the Vietnamese CHAO GA (chicken porridge). It comes with bean sprouts and other small amount of condiments and it is ohhh so yum! My boyfriend ordered a rice plate and that was delicious too! Price:  The price is really reasonable for the portion of food you are receiving. Service:  Like any other Vietnamese restaurants -- the waiter seats you, takes your order, brings your order out, refills your cup, and gives you the bill. Nothing out of the ordinary. I would recommend this to anyone that wants Vietnamese comfort food.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dara S.', '4', "Advertised as Chinese and Vietnamese Cuisine, yet fronts Cambodian decor and their first dish, and most popular dish, is the Cambodian Noodle. Delicious nonetheless. I have to admit that my family hasn't prepared Cambodian noodle soup in this way nor had the awesome meatball, but it really is tasty.  Parking is difficult. Patience is definitely required to park for this meal."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khiet E.', '4', "Came here for lunch with my mom and husband. It was not busy at all. We got seated right away. Normally there's a right when you come here on the weekend. The food here is always good. Didn't give it 5 stars because of the customer service but what do you expect when you eat at an Asian restaurant."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jason T.', '5', "Get the dry noodle #1 (hu tieu kho), meat ball, and Chinese donut.  Best place for this style of Vietnamese/Cambodian noodles and trust me, we've scoured all of Southern California - at least the places with a decent Asian population (LA, OC, LB, SD) and always come back here when we're in town to get our fix.  Keep in mind this is a super no frills old school restaurant. Sticky tables, cash only, tightly packed seating, elbows rubbing against each other - all that good stuff. But the food speaks for itself!!  Come early on the weekends (before 10:30am) to avoid waiting.  The plaza gets packed so parking sucks during busy hours."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mo R.', '4', "This is a good spot, definitely one of the closer spots for me to get the Cambodian Dried Noodles. Sadly, when it's busy, you don't normally get the same sized portions. Sames goes to when you order to go. If they can fix that, it would be great."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny H.', '4', "My girlfriends and I come here almost religiously just because the food and sauce of the traditional hu tieu nam vang is so good. A hole in the wall place, it is bit a little run down and has been the same since I've been eating here since I was a kid.  I religiously eat only the special hu tieu nam vang, with the soup on the side. Tip is that you can also get the special with soup (together). When I'm feeling lucky, I also get the cut up chinese donut with the dimsum! I think everyone I know gets the special. The meats come out great and everything just adds up to a hearty meal. Definitely adds to the experience. I love the home-y feel.  Parking can be difficult to find during peak hours, but it is definitely worth it! One of the best places in the bay to get hu tieu, honestly!! Just needs a little cleaning up, but it doesn't stop people from coming :) Also, this place is CASH ONLY!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim l.', '4', 'They serve up some amazing hu tieu/ mi at this place. I like to get it dry with soup on the side. Wish they gave bigger portions. Shiu Mai is pretty good too.  Minus one star for having to fight for parking every time we come and for the small portions.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hot O.', '3', "Great food but disappointing that it's CASH only.  I use a business credit card for hosting luncheons."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynda N.', '5', "Being Vietnamese, I grew up eating Vietnamese/Cambodian noodles, and I have to say it is probably one of my favorite Southeast Asian dishes ever. Don't come here if you're expecting 5-star service and modern decor. This restaurant is a very straight-forward service, where you order, you eat, and you pay.  I always get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang Dac Biet dry (kho). Having the noodles dry means that you get the soup on the side. What I like to do is to spoon several ladles of the soup onto my noodles just so it's easier to eat since the noodles to tend to stick to each other. It also helps incorporate the sauce with everything else. The Dac Biet (combination) comes with several varieties of meat, squid, and shrimp. What makes me keep coming back to Nam Vang restaurant is their sauce! I've been to other restaurants that serve Vietnamese/Cambodian noodles and it just doesn't taste as good as the one here does. It's not too salty and goes so well with all of the other ingredients in the dish. If you come before dinner time, try to order the Chinese donuts! I love dipping the donuts in the soup so it picks up that soup flavor yet still remaining crunchy and delicious at the same time.  Whenever I'm in San Jose, I always make sure to stop by this place whether it's for lunch or dinner."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anna L.', '4', 'I just went here with my dad and sister on a Sunday morning around 11am! It was pretty crowded but not enough to have a wait time - we were seated promptly after coming. It was my first time here, coming only because my sister extremely hyped it up as being "soooo good". We all got the -#1 which was a dry rice noodle with an assortment of meat, shrimp, and delicious sauce. It basically is noodle soup but instead it comes with the soup on the side! When eating it, I put some soup in the noodles and mixed it all together. It was delicious and flavorful, and the noodles has a great consistency. For an Asian person with pretty high Asian food standards, i would give it a 5/5. We also ordered a side of the Chinese donut and the shu mai(meatball) which isn\'t on the menu. These two things didn\'t impress me much. The Chinese donut was cold but it did complement the dish well. The shu mai, which is heavily reviewed on yelp, disappointed me. It was just kinda oily and super overwhelmingly flavorful. It tastes like the inside of a pâté chaud if you know what that is - but it was a big ball of it. I got sick of it after one or two bites. Anyways, I will come back here but probably only for the dry noodles! Beware: they only accept cash, the interior is a bit dirty, and the service isn\'t the friendliest. But if you\'re down for a tasty meal - that stuff shouldn\'t stop you!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynda S.', '4', 'Yummy goodness in my belly today!  Savory Cambodian special noodles was what I had for brunch this fine sunny day! (Dac Biet Hu Tieu Mi Nam Vang) with pickled peppers (side of my home made spicy saté) side of fried Chinese donut to dip in that savory pork/seafood broth and a side of meatballs (Xiu Mai) all at a reasonable price today!  3 large bowls, 3 meatball, 2 servings of Chinese donut all for $40.02! Yum O!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Claire H.', '2', "The food is good, but it's expensive for little portion. And the place is so run down, it looks sketchy and dirty. It's a cash-only place by the way, so be careful. The most disappointing, above all, is the service. The lady was so rude. We ordered and smiled to her and everything, but she was so rude to us. However, my friends said this was an Asian place, we can't expect anything from it :( ."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nicole N.', '1', "First time and probably the last time as well. Food was meh at best. Service was meh. Looks like server doesn't want to open shop or be there. We came in early but there were already 4 occupied tables with people eating soups early morning. I gave them a star for being a few eateries that opens early. I ordered the mi kho nam vang dac biet, thinking it was their specialty dish. It was nothing special. I order dry version with the soup on the side. My husband ordered hu tieu dac biet and he didn't like his either. I don't know why people rank this place so high and for about $9 a bowl, it's not worth the money nor the calories. If you want good hu tieu, visit Da Lat Restaurant on Williams. I will hunt for better places to eat."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie T.', '5', "We came here on a Wednesday night and it wasn't too busy with plenty of parking the the plaza. The food here really hits the spot. The first time I had it with my friends, I had never eaten nam vang noodles before but that started the process of searching for more restaurants serving noodles like this. No doubt many of them don't compare to this place in terms of the flavor of the seasoning and also the texture of everything. On top of that, we got the Chinese donuts and that really topped off everything. Will definitely come back here again when I visit San Jose."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mr B.', '5', "One of my favorites place for pho or soup. I usually order #1 with white noodle, meatball on the side, and some Chinese donut. Lots of flavors and spices. Quick service and CASH ONLY! I'm Mexican and would prefer this over tacos.... jk but yes it's really good. Highly recommended."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Pauline T.', '3', "Not very clean. The place can use a scrubbing. The floors are grumpy and walls are sticky. Service is also not great I'm used to Asian noodle shop service but This was just short of rude  Noodles are Cambodian style so the broth is sweeter than I would like. If you are looking for Chiu chow style noodles this isn't the place. They only have one type of noodle and it's a rice stick type. No egg noodles here. I Won't be back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jasmine H.', '2', "Don't get me wrong, I used to really love this place and come here all the time, but seems like the quality of food has been deteriorating.  I used to come here in the evenings for dinner because this place is rather empty during dinner time, but crazy crowded for brunch and lunch.  When I came for lunch last weekend, we waited in line for 15 mins. There was no waiting list or any other system to keep track of the wait, and people who came in after us were seated before us. I didn't mind because the yummy noodles was worth the chaos - so I thought.  We ordered a #1 and #12, both with soup on the side, and a serving of Chinese doughnut.  The soup and noodles were both really salty and full of MSG, and didn't taste anything like what I remembered of it. Don't get me wrong, of course they used MSG on my previous visits, it's Asian food we are talking about, but this time round, there is a whole lot more of it. I was thirsty for the entire day after the meal.   I was shocked when they served us the chinese doughnuts - there was barely few slices of it, a ridiculous serving as compared to my past experiences. We were charged the full price for it too ($2.50). I checked out other tables that ordered Chinese doughnuts, and am pretty sure everyone else got a full serving. NOT COOL.  There is absolutely no parking in the plaza, and when we finally found roadside parking, the car in front of us had windows that were just shattered.  Not gonna make the effort to come back again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jackie N.', '3', "I just happened to be in the are with my family and supposedly this is the go to spot. I am not sure why? First the service is pretty horrible. As a vietnamese person, I understand that you stand at the door and wait to be pointed to a table. However, the staff here takes your order and then forgets about you. They don't check to ensure you got what you wanted or if you need anything else, like water or silverware or additional condiments. I go to cheap authentic vietnamese places a lot in San Jose and Houston, but this place has hardly any service. Lets talk about food. Its OK... thats why I am giving it a 3. If you are ever in San Francisco try out Hai Ky Mi Gia. I promise you the food will be better and their service as well. The pricing here is very common among Hu Tieu places.Their Hu Tieu Nam Vang is the dish you want to try and then add on the Siu Mai (meatball). The Siu Mai is different from others I've been too, you can really see that they make the meatballs fresh.  Would I go here again? Probably not."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle V.', '5', "Oodles and oodles of noodley goodness!!! Thanks to my Yelper friends for recommending a great Hu Tieu spot! You really can't go wrong with any of there Dac Biets (specials). Whether dry or wet, their noodles are cooked to perfection. And LOVE the side order of soup and Chinese donuts that come with the special! Definitely coming back to try some of their other entrees."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lucy P.', '1', 'Hu Tieu is something that I grew up with since I was a kid in Vietnam. I love everything about it, especially the dry version. I was so excited to come here because it has a very resonant name in Vietnam. I honestly was in total despaired after I took my first bite. Everything was not what I expected or hope it would be. Flavor was off, the service was rude, and the place was super dirty. I found a fly in one of the condiments...I was highly disappointed and strongly believed they do not deserve the name Nam Vang.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tung D.', '3', "Would have been 4-star if it were cleaner. As for the taste, by far I think it's the most authentic Hu Tieu in san jose for me (and I am Vietnamese). We came and ordered two bowls of XI QUACH (basically pork bones cooked in the soup), chinese doughnuts, and HU TIEU KHO DAC BIET (special dry noodles). The sauce they use was just right, even though the noodles were indeed clumped together.  The soup was ok. They didn't serve enough fresh veggies though.  The plaza where in this restaurant located is a little run down with occasional homeless people. Well, I guess it's the same for most Chinese/Vietnamese town. CASH ONLY by the way. Anyhow, this restaurant always soothed my craving for HU TIEU. Another option for good HU TIEU is Yummy Trieu Chau."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Minerva L.', '3', "The Cambodia dry noodle had a lot of flavor. The shui mai was really good, but it comes out as one single ball. You would need to order a ton. I had the 53. Rice plate which was grilled pork chop. They couldn't let me swap it with chicken which was a bummer, pork did had a lot of sweet and bold flavors. The egg cake was too soft and soggy so didn't like it much. The shredded pork was good and wasn't really shredded. The fried egg was a nice twist. Place is ok, I had better com tam."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Patrick T.', '3', 'I usually only eat mi when my parents make it at home but i went out today to eat with my gf. I didnt know what to order so I told her to order a large for the both of us to share. We split the large mi nam vang, chinese fried doughnuts and two meatballs each! I really liked how in the broth they give you the meatbones they used to make the broth with and you can kinda munch on the bones and tear off the remaining meat. I thought the noodles were okay, it wasnt excellent but wasnt terrible either. I also liked eating my Chinese fries doughnuts with my meatball. I think im not used to eating heavy meals in the morning so i kinda got an upset stomach  probably one time thing for me!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy N.', '3', 'I like going here when my Vietnamese relatives are in town. The service is fast and usually the wait time is short.  Food:  1. Chinese long donut - nothing special  2. Siu mai (pork meatball)  3. Hu tieu nam vang Dry. I like to get the broth on the side because they give you a piece of beef bone. When I order the broth together, they tend to put too much in. They have the best combination of sauces and meats that all taste super savory in your mouth!  Tips:  1. Cash Only  2. Parking is hard to find in the plaza since its pretty small.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mike L.', '3', "Sigh no longer as good as it used to be.  This place used to serve hands down the best hu Tieu Nam vang, plenty if meat, seafood, and taste! The #1 dry combo yellow and white noodles and cooked bean sprouts was a all time favorite. This place would always be packed too seemingly all of the time. I'm not sure what happened but the dish isn't the same.  I have given it 3-4 tries recently but it's been mediocre at best. Did they change owners to chefs? The ingredients seem smaller and less flavorful, and everything doesn't work as well together.  The sauce is still great and they have good noodles (although it'd be nice if the noodles were not so clumped together. The dish is still decent, but I would be more inclined to try a new restaurant now. Cash only, pay up front."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'James L.', '1', "How this place got a 4 star average is beyond my comprehension.  While traveling up the 101 from LA to SF, we stopped off in San Jose to grab a quick bite. I pulled into a parking lot right next to this restaurant to check my Yelp app (yes, I'm a law abiding citizen) and coincidentally, Nam Vang pops up with its 4 star rating. How easy was that? Also, we've never tried Cambodian food before so this was a plus.  As we entered, the place was eerily empty for dinner time. One older couple sat at a table towards the back, a creepy guy by his lonesome near the window stared at us, and another chubby lady sat at a table near the kitchen, facing the door gave us a glance as we entered and looked away.  Since no one greeted us, we just picked a table and sat. A guy came by with menus and returned shortly to take out orders. We ordered the #1: hu tieu nam vang... large, w/ soup on the side and declined the Chinese donut to dip (from my experience, one never knows how long the donuts have been sitting around, uncovered from flies) Also ordered #2, regular... which is essentially the same thing as the hu tieu nam vang but w/ seafood and a different broth base. When our orders came, the first thing I noticed was there's no difference between the 2 sizes except the bowl and the price.  The flavor for #1 wasn't bad. It's a nice combination of ingredients and seasoning. The broth, meat, cilantro, dried shrimp somehow worked well, but I wasn't too fond of the slice of liver. The flavor for #2 tasted like pho, but with a slight twist because of the different ingredients and noodles used.  When we asked for the check, another man with the grumpy face that resembles someone on his last day in death row came by to drop it off & walked away. We waited for anyone to come by & pick up the tab, but luckily, the creepy guy and the older couple were done and they walked up to a counter to pay, so I followed suit. Turns out the chubby lady is the owner (?) Next to the register is a tip jar (seriously asking for a tip?) and after giving my change, she made sure to stick around until she saw my hand drop some bills in there. No thank you's, no how was everything... nothing Perhaps it's their custom to not give a s%&t about their customers, service, friendliness, refilling the water or anything. I'll never know. But I am thankful we ended up here only because we're passing through, because there is no way in our lifetime would we step in here again.  Their lack of .... um... everything is not enough to bring this higher than a one star, even though I somewhat enjoyed my order. Wait, except for the fact my regular order was disguised in a large bowl."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mike L.', '5', '"NAM VANG, WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?!" "In San Jose, duh." Okay, perhaps I\'m getting a little carried away with how much I love this place, especially considering how parking in the complex is one giant pain in the ass (I thought parking was supposed to be easy in San Jose?!).  However, how could I not?  We\'re talking about some seriously tasty noodles here that professed noodle-lover, Anthony Bourdain, would definitely appreciate! Unlike most of the Vietnamese restaurants in the area, Nam Vang\'s menu has a Cambodian tilt to it, offering a number of dishes that you may not readily find elsewhere.  If you really aren\'t sure what to get though, it won\'t take long to figure it out once you skim through the photos and/or reviews.  Seriously, when nearly all of them (including mine) reference the exact same things, the decision is essentially made for you!  -- CHINESE DONUT ( ) Somewhat surprisingly, Nam Vang\'s donuts are better than what I\'ve had at some Chinese places.  The outside had just the right crispiness and the inside was soft and chewy.  For some, the donut could have been doughier, but that\'s more preference than anything. -- SIU MAI - Pork Meatball ( ) Unlike with the donut, this is a bit different than the Chinese dim sum staple, but it\'s no less delicious.  While it\'s not as meaty or dense in comparison, the "siu mai" is just as juicy and has a more unique flavor, thanks to the veggies they mix in and the pork broth it all sits in.  -- CHA GIO - Fried Egg Roll ( ) It didn\'t amaze like the siu mai or noodles, but it was about what I had expected, for better or worse.  The egg rolls weren\'t super oily and I liked how crispy they were.  However, while the taste was still fine, they weren\'t nearly as flavorful and meaty as they could have been. -- (#1) DAC BIET HU TIEU NAM VANG - Special Cambodian Rice Noodle ( ) So, so good.  I\'ve been here twice and ordered it "dry" both times; I haven\'t been able to bring myself to trying this "wet", let alone any other dish.  Fried garlic, shrimp, pork, liver/offal, and a few spoonfuls of the soup (served on the side) as you go along - you really can\'t go wrong.  No need to add anything either; it\'s perfect as is.  Even the pork rib/bone in the soup is delicious! Besides the parking, the only other thing about Nam Vang that kind of sucks is the service.  Not in terms of quality (they\'re pretty nice, actually), but with how rushed it is.  Since there\'s usually a line, it\'s understandable that they want to turn tables over as fast as they can, but it\'s a little extreme to get asked what you want to order when you\'ve literally just sat down (unless you\'re a regular, I suppose).. As much a I loved my bowl of Hu Tieu Nam Vang, I can\'t say for certain that this is the best that the Bay Area has to offer.  Not when everyone tells me to check out Ha Nam Ninh in SF as well.  Seriously, why didn\'t anyone tell me I could find something so delicious in SF?!  If you\'re in the area though, you definitely need to come to Nam Vang!  Hell, even if you\'re not, they\'re still worth the drive!  To quote Anthony Bourdain from an episode of Parts Unknown, "You want this.  You need this." CASH ONLY.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tammy K.', '5', "I'm so surprised that this place doesn't have more reviews as this place is essentially always packed!!! I love this place, my husband and I will make a trip from Palo Alto just for the food here, it's that good. The special number one is out of this world. The broth on the side is literally made out of magic. I've tried to recreate the broth (and I'm pretty good at duping recipes) but I've yet to get it to how amazing this place gets it. The prices are affordable, portions generous, taste amazing and service relatively fast. I love this place and will keep coming back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex A.', '4', "Legit South East Asian food. You know it's authentic when blood and liver is on the menu. Definitely not a date spot unless you're sure he/she is adventurous. *There is standard Viet/Cambodian fare, too, but why come here when there's so much else?  PS try the pickled chilies."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rose R.', '1', "Cashier had terrible customer service.  I told her it was too sunny for my infant baby but she insisted that the baby stay there.  Like 30 minuets later, she had closed the shades.  Couldn't she have done that when I first complained?  Will never come back here again.  Food was not good."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Winnie N.', '5', "#1. Hu Tieu Nam Vang Dac Biet - Kho (dry/soup on the side). It won't disappoint! You can also opt for their Mi version, if you're craving yellow noodles. I prefer the soup on the side because it doesn't wash out the flavors, but you could also get it with the noodles. It's a savory/salty combo without the MSG so you won't be reaching for the water. If you like a little kick in your food, try their green peppers that they have in the small jars on the side. The peppers are more tangy than spicy, and goes perfectly with the flavors from the food.  Their Xiu Mai (pork meatball) and Chinese Donuts are also popular pairs to the dish, although I was never really a fan of either of them. Also, it's cash only! Parking can sometimes be difficult to find during rush hours. My mom mentioned how crowded it was in 1987, and it seems like it hasn't lost its touch since."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Coy T.', '5', "Try it dry style. Guaranteed if you haven't had before, you'll love it! Very savory. Gotta get the chinese fried donuts to accompany the meal and dip into the broth."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hau V.', '5', 'Tried this place last week and the food is exceptional traditional. I give it 5 stars, broth was good and came out fast.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jinkie G.', '4', "My usual - #1, hu tieu, soup on the side. + Xiu mai and chinese donuts. Cambodian chow fun and fried rice are good too. They need a better system for getting people seated. Seems like if you move your way up to the front, you can get seated first. Eh! Service is always a miss, but don't expect much out of them. Place is kind of dirty. Definitely a hole in the wall. Parking can sometimes suck. I suggest going during off peak hours. CASH ONLY."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle L.', '2', 'First impression when you walk into the restaurant is that the waitresses are extremely rude. Like I\'m not saying you have to smile and dance for customers but the waitresses were treating the customers like we\'re beggars or something. I walked in and was pointed to a table by a waitress with an angry look for some reason. She then threw the menu down in front of me and asked point blank "what you want?" In a rude attitude......ok so I was shocked at the service but I really wanted hu tieu Nam Vang so I stayed and ordered the special hu tieu Nam Vang kho. They actually give you a big piece of the bone meat in the soup so that\'s a good sign that the broth was cooked with really bone. The hu tieu is ok but not something so special where you would be dying to come back to try. The sauce for the dry hu tieu is nothing special, just straight up out of the soy sauce bottle you can get at the market with a lot of oil so the noodle won\'t stick together. The toppings are the usual hu tieu nam vang toppings of ground pork, some dried shrimps, pork liver, and a piece of pork heart. Overall, it was ok hu tieu nam vang but we could do better with the customer service from the waitresses.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katherine L.', '4', "Super messy place, but I always come back for the hu tieu nam vang. I'm a simple girl, no fuss. Always order with chinese donuts! (:"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy Y.', '3', 'The number 1, "Special Cambodian Rice Noodle" hu tieu, is the thing to get if you come here, so we had that in both dry and wet form. It is mainly ordered dry, and it has good flavor; to me, it tasted like chow fun except with pho noodles, and with a lot of fried garlic, pork and shrimp goodness. The wet version was nice as well, and essentially a light, pork version of standard pho bowls. Many elements of the food reminded me of things eaten while growing up in a Chinese household, such as the stewed pork that easily fell off of the bone - it had a lot of light, subtle soup essence and not a lot of fat or flavor, but was just nice texture. It tasted like the bone meat that\'s stewed in Cantonese pork bones and vegetable soup. I also tasted the pork meatballs, which are given in a tiny sauce plate with in broth, which tasted like Cantonese steamed minced pork in large meatball form and with onions. With the noodles comes a plate of bean sprouts, lime wedges, and Chinese celery. We also ordered the Chinese doughnuts, which are more narrow and unfortunately stale. I also had the fresh lemon soda, and it was a bunch of large sugar crystals that didn\'t dissolve with a Canada Dry club soda. This is a typical tightly packed, slightly grimy Asian restaurant with a pretty good specialty that doesn\'t quite make up for its other subpar elements. The dishes are light enough for one to get dessert later while being satisfied.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hanna K.', '5', 'Very nice  experience. Their decor is very plain and like a small mom and pops restaurant  that have been around for ages. Be prepared to wait in long lines for the delicious noodle soup bowl. Totally worth the wait.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Simon H.', '3', "Maybe it's because I'm from out of town but the large was like a medium and it cost almost $10. Broth okay but with such volume seems like quality isn't as high as you would expect."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Le P.', '4', 'I Came here on a recommendation. Ordered their popular dish "Hu tieu nam vang Dry", side chinese donut & side meatball.  - Dee- licious!! broth good, noodle good, seasoning good    (Was a little cheap on the meat) - Meatball a lil plain but it adds protein & depth to the soup - Chinese donut to add more carbs to your hang-over...j/k - Tip- get the soup dry if you prefer pouring a different ratio of soup to noodle,  bonus they  dump a sparerib in the broth for ya  - Place is kinda dirty (expected), Service is below average, Parking is difficult, CASH ONLY For all you hopefuls out there: Here is How To Survive a Hole-In-The-Wall 1. Do not expect 5-star Service, in fact maybe don\'t expect service at all...jk 2. Order your dish 3. Eat 4. Pay 5. Disappear']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sotha P.', '4', 'Best cambodian dry noodle around. I know everyone likes to complain about their customer service but for some reason they seem nice to me. I come here all the time when they open  at 8am so parking is not a problem.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mimi V.', '3', "The best Hu Tieu Kho in SJ!! Or the best I've found and tried so far. This place is definitely a hole in the wall and was my childhood; my family took me here many times before and the quality of the noodles has been the same. I always ordered a small #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang with a side order of chinese donuts and their xiu mai. Chinese donuts are great to dip in your soup and the xiu mai is great to eat on the side. Warning** the portion for a small here is extremely small but I'm a very small girl so it fills me up just about right. I recommend getting a large if you want a real meal.  I would love to give this place 5 stars but it is really unsanitary here. I always make sure to wipe my spoons and chopsticks before using them. My cup of water was also sticky when the server dropped it off. Not only that, but the restaurant looks run down and dirty as an entirety. Horrible. Workers don't look happy either and the service is just average."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Walter M.', '4', 'This place is a bit odd. I have had several terrific meals here...and then I get a plate of MEH. On my last visit in July of 2017 we must have shown up between lunch and dinner.  I wanted to order a few things from the extensive menu but the waitress ( as friendly as an assassin ) told me I could not order two of the things I wanted.  Why? Wrong cook she told me.  What? The cook who was working there at 3 p.m. could only cook a few things. The " other " cook who evidently has more skills was not back until 5 p.m. Not a cook myself so I cannot totally understand how this works...but I guess maybe the more complicated dishes require someone with expertise the other guy does not yet have.  Never had that happen before.  Cash only.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Casey T.', '4', "I've been coming here for as long as I can remember and nothing has changed! Good because it brings back nostalgia from my childhood, bad because everything is pretty old/dirty.  I always get the dry hu tieu with an order of meatball/Chinese donuts. The noodles comes clumped together with the sauce on the bottom, so stir well! Sometimes the noodles can be a little too dry but if you add a few spoonfuls of the soup on the side, problem = solved! For 2 people, the total came out to about $22 which is super cheap if you ask me. If you're coming here, don't expect cleanliness or good service, just come for the food."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Theresa S.', '3', "Finally decided to try this place out after seeing a bunch of FB posts. Plus, I was finally in the area, so decided to make it a point to visit. Parking was ok since it's located in a strip mall. And no wait on a Saturday @ 1:30 in the afternoon. I ordered the meatball, Chinese donut, and the #9. Meatball was on point! Tasted like a steam meatloaf dish that my mom makes. Very flavorful!  Out of all the Yelp reviews I read about this place, not one mentioned how SMALL the R was! It is literally one package of instant noodle that my 7 yo could've devoured. So imagine my disappointment when that little bowl came out. The noodles itself was very flavorful. I'm the type who prefers my soup in my noodles, so this was a nice change and I liked it. If the portion was bigger, I would add another star. Therefore, I would HIGHLY suggest you get a L if not a XL if they have it. You've been warned!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer P.', '5', 'Best go to restaurant ever. I get mine dry. Service is typical as expected but a go to local business that we love to take out of towers to']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Allie Y.', '4', "I came here on a Saturday afternoon during lunch time. The line to get seated was out the door. With my party of 3, they asked if we were okay with sitting with another party at a bigger table so we don't have to wait any longer. We were fine with that and was seated within 15 minutes. Since it's my first time coming here, I ordered the famous Hu Tieu. We also ordered Chinese Doughnut and Pork meatball. I ordered the medium Hu Tieu (dry) so the soup and oxtail was on the side. That way, I was able to taste all the flavors separately. I poured a few spoonfuls of soup in my noodle so it wasnt too dry. What was in the noodle was I believe was their house special sauce, pork liver, shrimp, green onion, meat, and fried garlic. Without the soup, the noodles and the sauce itself reminded me of Pad Thai but there were much more flavors going on. It was so good since I haven't had this dish before. You also dip chinese doughnut in the soup which I haven;t done before.The snack-sized meatball was also very flavorful. If you want to eat at a relaxing fancy restaurant, this place is not for you. It's one of those places where they pride in their food and not the ambiance. They are located at a place with lots of homeless as well."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elena H.', '4', "Excellent Cambodian yellow Noodle like everybody says. The Siomai wasn't that good, however.  We came here twice already and both times were great. Vegetarian option includes Vegie Chowmein."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Philip H.', '5', "As a noodle lover, let me tell you, this place is probably the best noodle place in the Bay Area. The Cambodian noodle is pretty much what you want to get. It's the thing, it's the one that everyone getting anyway. I don't hang out in this area anymore but the 1 hour drive is worth it and this place never disappoint me.  Number 9 is the one you want to get and if you prefer different kind of meats, you can get number 10, 11, or so on depending on the meats you prefer. Make sure you asked for dry noodle with soup on the side. The soup is so flavorful(probably MSG) and it comes with a beef bone. I remember coming here the day after-party and the soup took me to heaven. If you grew up in Asia, I guess you would appreciate it more because the noodle taste and feels like home.  I converted a non-noodle eater to love this place so you can imagine how good this place is. Oh, also, they accept cash only. Enjoy!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bao N.', '1', 'The food is OK but the services is really bad. The waiter and waitress is act like they not happy to work there. And the cashier is really mean.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wendy P.', '4', "This place has been around for as long as I can remember. The interior has been kept the same, which could really use some renovation.  The service is okay. Whenever I come here, I always order #1 đc bit khô (h tiu nam vang special dry). It comes with a small bowl of soup on the side and I'd pair my noodles with some Chinese donuts. This place always hits the spot whenever I'm craving for some h tiu."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lucy L.', '2', "This used to be my favorite place to eat in San Jose but the service has gone down tremendously. We ordered right when we got here and it took at least 25 minutes for the food to arrive. Mind you there was about four or five tables-- half of which already had their food. Not only was the wait time long, we asked for extra sauce for the Hu Tieu Nam Vang and that alone took 10 minutes when I had to ask for it TWICE. If we came during lunch or dinner rush, then that'd be understandable but it was three hours after lunch rush so I don't understand why it took 30 minutes. I don't think I'm coming back ever again or recommend to anyone due to the poor service."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tran N.', '4', "I really like the Nam Vang noodles here. The dried noodles always have great flavor and sauce. That always come with the broth which is also really delicious. This is definitely not the best I have had but it's still pretty good. Service is quick and the servers are super nice. It just looks a little run down but I guess that's where the most authentic food is."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle N.', '1', "We were driving from SF back to Orange County and wanted to make a pit stop in SJ for some food. After reading some reviews I thought we'd check this place out. Eh. I can't believe this place has so many good reviews. Dirty Dirty Dirty..... First upon walking in I thought this place was closed because all the chairs were stacked on the tables and they were mopping WHILE customers were eating. Mind you, this was around 2 pm. They should do mopping after closing or prior to opening who wants to eat with bleach smells lingering? All their cups and silverware seem to have a sticky film to them which was disgusting. Their was a fly in one of our drinks so we had to ask for a new one and they looked irritated by that. FOOD: Meh. I tried #1 the Nam Vang Hu Tieu. Was not a fan AT ALL. But I do realize this is a cambodian style dish but still I was not impressed at all. SERVICE: Terrible. I had to ask for everything at least twice and the old lady at the counter couldn't even make eye contact or crack a smile."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phi V.', '4', "By far, one of my favorite restaurants in San Jose for Cambodian rice noodle. Only complaints I have are that they only accept cash, really hoping they will start taking card; their servers sometimes forget about your table, and the utensils seem like they're hastily cleaned."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', 'Our family has been coming here since I was child living in San Jose, and even though we moved away every time we visit we still come back for breakfast. Service is fast, meal comes out real quick and the food is reliably good. We get the hu tieu nam vang, mi nam vang or both. Always order the siu mai (pork meatball) and the gio chao quay (chinese donut). Love it!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina S.', '4', "Get the #1 (hu tieu), dry. The noodles are good, but wish they give extra sauce on the side. Place feels a bit dirty, which makes me feel a bit uneasy, but I'll do it to have some good food. I always bring my own bottle of water. My fave is how they put a pork bone in every soup on the side. Once I finish the tasty soup, I dip the meat from the pork bones in soy sauce and enjoy."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Edwin R.', '5', 'Nam Vang haven\'t changed a bit. Looks to be about the same like the way it did years ago!! They also continue to live up to their tradition of Hu Tieu. Their secret sauce that they pour on top of their noodles is just out of this world. And don\'t forget to order your Hu Tieu with Chinese donuts if you can. They dip nicely with their complimentary soup. And if you like "em" spicy, then I suggest grabbing a whole bunch of green pepper and for every bite, chew a little piece of chili. That\'s the ticker to this fantastic meal. Until then, Cheers! ~ :p']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Danielle S.', '5', "Large Hu Tieu (with broth on side) + chinese donuts. That's all you need to know. Also, the place is grimey looking, only accepts cash, your car is probably gonna get dinged on the way out, there's a homeless dude begging for money outside, and service is... crappy. But the foood thoughh!!! Sublime. Take a bit of the broth and spoon it into your noodle bowl, and then put chinese donuts into your broth. Proceed to eat. You're welcome."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew S.', '4', "This is my favorite place for the Cambodian white noodles (Hu Tieu Nam Vang) with soup on the side.  The soup base is so flavorful and make just right.  Many place tried to make this style noodles and it's not the same.  Their decor is very plain and like a small mom and pops restaurant  that have been around for ages."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina H.', '1', "Extremely dirty place ! The tables , the chairs and the floor  I couldn't enjoy my food !"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda L.', '5', 'LOVE the hieu tieu nam vang here! This place is cash only! This is my favorite place to have the hieu tieu nam vang.  The only thing I must warn you is that the parking is a pain, but the food will not disappoint you at all.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jess C.', '2', "* #1 ORIGINAL HU TIEU (2 STARS) Noodles were nice and chewy but appeared to be cooked awhile back, as they were plastered to the bottom of the bowl. The toppings did not taste fresh - the shrimp had a previously frozen gritty texture, and the meat was dry. They put the sauce on top for you, which tasted primarily of dark chinese soy sauce. Overall, it was not terrible and very affordable, but I prefer the Hu Tieu at Ha Nam Ninh. The star of this dish was the complimentary ox tail soup. It was soul warming and delicious. 5 stars for this.  * MEATBALL (3 STARS)  One order is one large meatball, enough for two people to have a small bite. It tasted very homemade, with big chunks of radish (or something) inside. A-OK to me. * CHINESE DONUT (3 STARS) Soft, but very oily. Pretty standard plate of chopped up Chinese donuts. TLDR: Food here is passable and very cheap, but I'd rather take my chances at Ha Nam Ninh in San Francisco, which is open at very unpredictable times."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessi N.', '1', "I was waiting in line for half an hour. We have 3 people. However when another group of 4 people came in, the server let them jump in first. I be like wtf. They didn't even explain or say sorry. Alright, they sold one more bowl but lost 3 :)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tom W.', '2', "The food is ok but the service is so bad. Specially the mid-age lady at the cashier, her attitude toward customer is unacceptable. People come to eat and pay for their meal but she acts like they come to eat for free and talk so rude to them when they check out. I understand that lunch time on Saturday is really busy but there is no reason to treat customer especially elders in such way. This is one of my favorite place but I will not like to come so often any more since there is some people like the cashier lady today. That's just ruin the mood and I cannot even enjoy my favorite noodle."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lily N.', '4', "My favorite place for hu tieu! I always order a large bowl (only because the small bowl isn't enough LOL) of dry hu tieu with a side of Chinese donuts. I've been coming here with my family ever since I was a little kid!! I usually like to come here early in the day because I think the donuts are fresher at this time.  You can expect to wait a while on the weekends because this place can get packed. The place is pretty dirty and parking in plaza can be horrendous, but the hu tieu is worth it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Benny P.', '5', "If you're ever in the bay area, this is the BEST PLACE FOR HU TIEU!! I usually get Hu Tieu Mi Dac Biet Kho (dry) which is half Hu Tieu noodle and the other half yellow noodle with an assortment of meats inside. Also, I order a side of Xu Mai (pork meatball) that compliments my bowl of Hu Tieu. Altogether would cost you $9.71 or rounded up $10. This is my Hu Tieu place that I go to whenever I'm craving it. They give a good amount of the noodles, meat, and side soup that ultimately fills me up. Their sauce on the noodles and meats really compliments everything together and continue to keep me satisfied whenever I come! Their Xu Mai is that other meat that just blends in and gives it a nice taste that won't make your food being bland or boring. Also, they give you a side soup if you order it dry and it is very flavorful!! If you're vegetarian, they have the seafood option which is a plus in my book too!!  Would I go here again? Of course!! I recommend this place to those who want to try out vietnamese food or in the area to eat Hu Tieu!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Fantasy J.', '5', "Nam bang has got to be the best place for hieu tu. Last time I came I was so hungry and it was so good blew my mind I forgot to write a review. This time I'm done and I'm chilling so I got time. For the #1 special. Dry of course!! Can't eat this wet. Omg! Every time I eat this it's amazing! The Taste the portion all on point ! Got me full! Great place for lunch and dinner. They are not shady on the portion either ! Come and eat!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana W.', '5', "CASH ONLY!!!!!! I ordered a number 1 here, which I think is just called cambodian noodle soup or something. It reminds me of pho but is more fishy tasting. There were various types of meats in here along with some shrimps I think. The side raw veg included typical bean sprouts and less typical asian celery tasting veg.  Mainly the reason I love this place is that THERE IS VINEGAR ON THE TABLE!!! I always feel like a weirdo asking wait-staff at viet places to get me vinegar... Not sure if it's normal, but I like my noodle soup to be quite vinegary.  From the outside, the place looked empty. Dark windows and everyone was seated on one side of the room. Pop your head in before assuming that this place is closed or without business!!! Plenty of patrons enjoying the food here :-)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cynthia A.', '3', "I've been coming here for 20 years and I can tell you, this place hasnt aged gracefully. There was a time when everything was so fresh/flavorful, quantity and pricing on point.  Over the years, food has declined in all areas. The shop is also really showing its age. Everything is just so sticky.. chairs, tables, condiments, you name it. The food is still good just not AS good. The realities of the change in times.. sad.  Last time we were there, there was a guy begging for food outside. He ended up with his face pressed to the glass watching us eat the whole time. Talk about awkward! I bought him a order of fried rice on my way out.  Parking is crappy during mornings/lunch time especially on weekend. Only thing that hasnt changed is they still only take cash."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael T.', '4', "Best spot for Vietnamese Cambodian style noodles(Nam Vang) in San jose. This place is an institution I have been coming here since I was in elementary  school(I'm 30 now). It's kinda dive but the food is great (that's  why it always busy). Make sure you get the number 1, dry, with a Chinese donut.   One love! Ps: One of my many hangover cure spots."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Skye V.', '5', "BEST PLACE TO GET HU TIEU!!! I always go here whenever I'm craving hu tieu. The hu tieu kho (noodle without soup). The proportion for a small is a perfect amount for me. Their xiu mai (pork meatball) is soooooo amazing! It just melts in your mouth!!  $7.25 for a small bowl $7.96 for a large bowl $1.75 for pork meatball Very affordable pricing! :)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kaitlyn E.', '4', "I'm still quite new to vietnamese dishes, my palette is evergrowing for these unique dishes you don't see at your typical viet restaurants. Went to try their hu tieu dry, with broth on the side. My friend got the dish with broth included. There is a LOT more soup given when served together but it tastes like alot of msg is put into it. For my first time hearing about it and trying it, I REALLY enjoyed the noodles dry! Also had the chinese donuts dipped into the broth. Something about that UMPH with thhat donut into the soup mmmM!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sandy N.', '4', 'The "Hu Tieu Nam Vang" is what I come for overtime, alongside with the shui man ( meat made into a round ball), and chinese bread. The green chili is the cherry on top of all this. although it gives me a tommy ache overtime.(if you know what i means...)  Cons: Theres always homeless crackheads right outside the store in that plaza. I usually walk in very fast.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Susan J.', '5', "I've been eating their hu tieu nam vang for many years now, and I still love it! Hands down the best dry noodles with soup on the side, and I definitely recommend people eat it here. The restaurant isn't the cleanest, and sometimes you're seated in the back next to the bathroom, but I think the food is worth it. I can't speak for other items on the menu since I don't eat anything except for this particular dish, but five stars for taste!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffany D.', '5', "I love their homely dry noodles with broth and meat bone in the broth on the side! It would have been fabulous if it wasn't a hot day and I was on the faint or gaunt side that day that I was there!  The senior lady was very helpful (seeing that I was lying flat faced on the table) by providing me with water and refilling it.  I did enjoy the noodles and iced water, aplenty. They use this house sauce, that they pour over the noodles with and it was tasty!  Slurpalicious, may I add! I can't get enough of this place and can't wait to return when I am in this area - especially when it is not a hot day and I am well hydrated!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lyn T.', '1', "Giving this place 1 star because the customer service here is ridiculously horrible. One of the waitress here has so much attitude and her service really shows how reluctant she is to even serve me. The drinks always come after the food and they are so cheap with everything. I had an extra xiu mai that I wanted to Togo and the waitress legit gave me a sauce cup with a lid... it doesn't fit first of all, and when I mentioned that to her she came over and used the lid to physical mush my xiu mai in making it all mashed up and unappetizing. I found what she did unsettling so I called her cheap and she went off on me. Like, am I wrong ? She refused to get me an actual Togo box and never refilled my water when it was out. I had to go up to her a couple times just to ask her to refill my water for me when it's her job to do it. Overall, this was a very unpleasant experience and wouldn't come back if my life depended on it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tia T.', '3', "The food is good and it's fairly priced. The restaurant smells funny and looks a bit dirty. I guess you can say a true hole in the wall.  Major downside is that is cash only. So be prepared if you plan on eating here."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Felisha L.', '2', 'My family and I decided to visit Nam Vang due to the raging reviews on their Dac Biet Hu Tieu and Sui Mai. Even though the place was packed, service was quick.  We were seated immediately. We did not care much for the Hu Tieu; we ordered a special but not was really special. The noodles was not to our liking but the flavor of the broth was good.  Both the sui mai and thit nuong (charbroiled meat) plate was lacking flavor.  The sui mai was not flavorful at all.   We ordered the spring rolls and the rolls were predominately noodles.  The sauce served with is was watery just like the fish sauce served with the rice plate.   Overall, service was fast but food was not to our liking.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny L.', '4', "Came here at 945am on a Sunday and the place was packed!  That's how you know the place is good.  On everyone's tables, I saw a side of Chinese donut and some meatball thing.  I didn't get to try the meatball dish this time, but will have to come back to try it.  Ordered the seafood noodle soup and it was delicious.  Got the soup on the side and it was the perfect compliment to my noodles.  The small is pretty small, so if you're hungry, order the large.   Pro-tip - dip the Chinese donut into your soup to soak up all the goodness.   I wish I lived closer, but I guess I'll just have to make it down to SJ more often..."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Susy C.', '4', "You have to come here for hu tieu nam vang. If you come here for pho then you're kind of an idiot. Sorry, I had to say it. I mean COME ON!! The restaurant is named NAM VANG! So hu tieu nam vang (phnom penh noodle soup) is a Vietnamese spin on a Cambodian/Chinese noodle dish. I like mine dry, so this means the soup comes on the side. They also give you a little dish of sauce. The noodles are topped with pork, some offal, shrimp, squid, etc. It varies depending on where you get it from. They also give you some fried shallots and greens. You're supposed to mix it all up with a bit of the sauce.  My method: add about maybe 1/4 of the soup, and 1/2 the sauce. Stir it up. I like to leave sauce for dipping. If you find that the noodles are still stuck and too dry, add a little more broth at a time. This stuff is so good and extremely filling. Definitely hits the spot.  Would I say these are the best in the bay? No, because Ha Nam Ninh in SF is the best. They have that crack sauce! Sorry Nam Vang, you are a close second though."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nathan N.', '5', "I have been coming to Nam Vang for a very long time and I never grow tired of their delicious food.   Ambiance: Classic Asian restaurant with cramped spacing and lots of activity going on around you.  Nothing too unexpected of special about this here.  It tends to get really packed and busy around lunch/dinner hours but they move people in and out fast so the wait is not that bad. Parking is always a pain in the ass so i recommend parking outside on the street curb near the Chuck-E-Cheese if you can't find anything in the lot.   Food:  Similar to many Vietnamese restaurants, this place has one specialty that I recommend everyone order.  I happen to love this place's specialty so much that I have never ordered anything beside it let alone looked at anything else on the menu.  I always order the the #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho with siu mai(steamed meatball) and Chinese donut.  If you want the full Nam Vang experience then you have to order all of this.  I guarantee that anyone who comes here and tries their food will be aching to come back for another meal.  Service:  Fast and typical for an Asian restaurant.  Nothing special here.   Overall Experience:  A classic spot in San Jose for amazing food.  I recommend everyone give this place a try."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vasean P.', '5', "This was my first time having Cambodian food and wow, I really wish they had a place similar to this in Los Angeles because I was blown away by how good and tasty the dishes were. My friend had been there numerous times so I let her order. She told me not to get anything else on the menu so I followed her and was so happy with our food. We ordered the #1 Dac Biet Hu Tieu Nam Vang (Special Cambodian House Noodle) served with a little bit of sauce, but mostly dry and some vegetables and meat. You must also get a siu mai (meatball) with this dish as well as the broth and Chinese donut. The chinese donut dipped in broth is spectacular, nothing like I've ever had before.  The place is usually pretty busy and the service is terrible but the food overcomes that. Next time I'm in San Jose, I will be back!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lili L.', '4', "I've to say this is my Second time I been here. The restaurant is very very busy & the food is very good reminded me when I was back home . The only thing I kinda didn't like the food take a long time to come. Can't wait to go back (:-"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim T.', '1', "It's really dirty restaurant! And the food not good at all, just little meat and all is hu tieu. Don't want to come back here"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie L.', '5', "The best hu Tieu I've had thus far! I get the #3 with the soup on the side. Squeeze some lime, and it's perfect. You have an option to get a small or a large bowl. The small is enough to satisfy me. Cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tuyen H.', '4', 'This is the best place for some hu tieu! You can either get it with or without soup but I mostly get it without. I usually get the hu tieu dac biet which comes in an assortment of meat and seafood. With it I order a side of Chinese donut to dip into the broth they provide when you order it dry as well as some meatballs. The sauce with the noodles and meat compliment each other very well. This is the best place to come especially after a hangover. They accept cash only.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Quyen H.', '2', "Okay food wise this place is pretty good but they seriously need to better train their staffs. My party of five was ignored for a while before someone else seated us. It would make better sense to seat a party of five at a larger table but no we got placed in a corner with no room to breathe. I had to suck in and squeeze my way to my chair. And they sat a party of two a two connected tables. Ridiculous. The one guy who waited our table was super rude and I mean he didn't want to be there or something. It really sucks that the mood of one person can ruin your entire meal. Not to mention he made a mistake in our order but somehow we felt like we were being blamed for it! Not cool. Our water and appetizer came after we had finished our meal and you guessed it they made another mistake in that order. So this time around i had shitty service. I just wanted to leave and not even eat here at that point. Not impressed at all."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Letty H.', '5', "I love this place!! My friend brought me here and ever since, I've come back over and over again, satisfied with the food. I always get #1, dry- with the soup and noodles separated. On the side, I get Chinese donuts, they go well with the noodles & soup.  The soup is so tasty and refreshing, it tastes like they made it themselves. The price is cheap and very worth the food. I will definitely return soon."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffany N.', '1', 'Notice they have a good reviews,  I stop by here for lunch.  Egg noodle soup does not have taste at all, no sure why a lot of people like their food.  Of course the price is cheaper than Da Lat and Vung Tau only $1 but I prefer noodle soup in DL or VT.  Definitely no come here again.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy C.', '4', "The wait is long so be prepared. This is a local favorite so you know it's good. Most people seem to order the combo number 1 special which comes with rice noodles, served dry without soup. It has various kidneys, shrimp, liver, minced pork and garlic and onion in the bowl. It's good and I like the fact that the soup is served on the side. You have the option of putting the noodles in your soup if you wanted, but they do serve the dry noodles with soy sauce.  You can ask for half and half, which means half rice noodle and half egg noodle. But I definitely think the rice noodle, which also is the most popular option, is better. The egg noodles are a little dry in consistency and texture.  Also comes with a huge meatball for appetizer. Nothing to complain about there, flavorful and delicious pork meatball."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny M.', '3', "Service isn't their strong suit.  Hostess seems to have a mean look tattooed on her.  Our food was taking exceptionally longer than the people around us. When we inquired she was pretty rude and almost seemed like she was yelling at us to say it was coming soon.  Good was just ok. Nothing great to say. It wasn't worth the 20 min drive.  If I were in the area I'd try another place.  You wait in line for a table and it's cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Roti M.', '5', 'The hu tieu here is the best in San Jose! Parking is limited in the plaza and it can get really busy on the weekends. It can sometimes be crowded but the lines move fairly quickly.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mike G.', '4', "I was having a mild hangover on Sunday around 6am and my regular hangover cure place isn't open until 10AM. So I was looking around for a place with something carb, salty and greasy. And Nam Vang opens at 8AM, perfect! I ordered the Combination Chow Fun, it was perfect, very tasty and hit the right spot. The service is less than desirable, even for a Vietnamese restaurant standard.  But the place is pretty crowded for 9AM, there were already 6 or 7 tables already.  I'm looking forward to come back to try their other dishes when my taste-bud isn't out of whack."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bryan D.', '5', "Love the Hu tieu Nam vang here with the meat ball. It's best to go at off hours to avoid a long line. My favorite hole in the wall joint in San Jose."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cindy C.', '4', "I looked forward to every time my parents decided to eat here on the weekends. If you're looking for some authentic cambodian noodles, this is the place to eat at!!! It's a little mom and pop restaurant, unfortunately located in a run down plaza in the Tully area but it's a hidden gem.  If you're eating here on the weekends then there might be a slight wait sometimes. If they're really busy they might run out of the good stuff like meat in your broth and chinese donuts. When it's busy, parking is kind of difficult in the plaza that this restaurant is located in. Going on the weekdays is the best.  When you walk in someone greets you and shows you to your table and well as drop off some menus. I don't even bother taking a look because if you're coming to eat here, you want their specialty hu tieu nam vang. I order it dry because then the broth comes separate and it doesn't make the noodles bland. If you order the broth on the side they include a chunk of meat on the bone and it's so flavorful. I highly suggest getting an order of their chinese donuts and meat balls. They offer a lot more on their menu but their best is the hu tieu.  Food comes out quick and satisfies every time. I believe this place is cash only so you bring the receipt they give you to the cashier to pay. Like others have said this place isn't well kept. It's dingy and not as clean as you would prefer... but if it's just good food you seek then this place will do. Tips: - Come on the weekdays - Get their hu tieu nam vang!!! - Get their noodles dry to preserve the flavor of the seasonings - When you get the soup separate if comes with a chunk of meat still on the bone - Add some lemon in your soup for some zest - Try their meat balls - Get some chinese donuts to dunk in your soup - CASH ONLY The day they take credit is the day I fully approve of this place. And possibly for larger glasses of water."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'John D.', '4', '"You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious."―Obi-Wan Kenobi, to Luke Skywalker Located in a sketchy East SJ neighborhood that\'s known more for gang violence, car thefts and B&Es than fine dining, Nam Vang (NV) is very reminiscent of Luke and Obi-Wan\'s journey into the Mos Eisley spaceport. The rough surroundings aside, the crowded Alvin Center strip mall it\'s located in is about as shady as they come--enveloped by "massage" parlors and dimly-lit "coffee" houses, a visit to NV is not for the faint of heart. Just getting to the restaurant you\'ll probably have to step over a few Local Outdoor Enthusiasts sleeping on the sidewalks, and stroll past a few bedraggled miscreants begging for money out front. Unfortunately, once you make it inside the interior of NV pretty much matches the exterior with all the charm of Vladimir Putin on a diet: peeling wallpaper, dirty surfaces and a dark interior are what greet you at NV--but if you\'re foolhardy enough to get past all that, then a culinary treat will await you.  NV\'s specialty is their Huê Tiêu soup (aka Kuy Teav), which is a nice change of pace from the ubiquitous Pho. This dish is believed to have originated in Cambodia from Chinese immigrants, and is typically eaten at breakfast.  I\'ve only ordered one thing here in my three trips, and that\'s their #1: Dâc Biêt Huê Tiêu Nam Vang (Special Cambodian Rice Noodle) Dry Noodle-style w/ soup on the side. Noodles- Getting your noodles "dry" (which is perfect for a hot day) doesn\'t mean that they\'re coming out uncooked and crunchy; it just refers to them coming out in a bowl sans broth. Ordering them this way makes them really sticky and slightly under-cooked, but splashing a little broth on them will help remedy that. NV\'s noodles are always soft, tasty and slightly sweet. My only qualm is I wish they gave you more. 4* Toppings- The Dâc Biêt (special) comes with an assortment of goodies, including: liver, shrimp, ground pork and sliced pork. I really dig the dried garlic chunks that are sprinkled about; they really gives the whole dish a nice sweet, earthy taste that blends beautifully with all the ingredients. 4* Broth- The Huê Tiêu broth is very reminiscent of your typical Won Ton soup broth (there\'s your Chinese influence coming into play), but with a deeper Pork flavor, and slightly less salt than you\'re probably used to. The pork bone that they put in there always brings out the caveman in me, as I gnaw on it like a little doggy trying to get every morsel of tender meat off it. 4.5*  Service & Ambiance- The service here at NV is surprisingly friendly (for a Viet spot), and they\'re very efficient at taking your order and delivering the goods. Despite the \'hood, the clientele is fairly normal, with no real shady characters hanging around--except I do recall seeing Boba Fett lurking in the shadows once... 3.25* Value- Dishes range in the $7-9 range, which is pretty typical. Not cheap, but won\'t break the bank. 3.5* You say you\'re feeling adventurous and want to live life on the edge, do ya? Well, if that\'s the case then NV is your spot! It\'s got everything you could want in a culinary adventure: Ghetto \'hood, awful parking, terrific food, and --if you\'re real lucky-- maybe even a Gamorrean Guard! Just don\'t forget to bring your Lightsaber...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'MyTien P.', '5', "So many fond memories coming here! My parents have been taking me here since I was really young and I'm still a huge fan. The Hu Tieu here is delicious and the best you can get in all of San Jose. This place is definitely a hole in a wall but I like to think of it as a landmark in East Side San Jose. I always order the Hu Tieu mixed with the yellow and white noodles, and soup on the side. Be sure to add some of your soup to your dry noodles, it makes a tremendous difference. It's also important to mix all your noodles together to get all the yummy sauce on the bottom.  ALSO make sure to order the Chinese Donuts and add it to your Soup!! SO DELICIOUS. People may complain the portions are a bit small here, so if you're really hungry, I would recommend getting a large bowl. Besides that, service might be a little bit off here but this place still deserves 5 stars in my book. No Hu Tieu can ever beat Nam Vang's!  AND If you ever have trouble deciding which noodles to get, why not get both? Half white noodles and half yellow. It's the perfect combination for us people who are indecisive and need some variety in our lives. :)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'No H.', '2', "Took my cousin here, hoping it would be like my favorite noodle house in Santa Ana, Socal but was disappinted.  The broth was flavorless and there was barely any meat.  The meatballs was such a disappointment.  Also flavorless!  This place is not in the best parts of south san jose.  They only accept cash.  The strange thing is while we were eating, and still during business hours, they were mopping the floor and putting the chairs up on the tables as if they were closing for business.  Very distracting.  I know this is an asian place but really?? Clean when you're closing, not while people are eating! SMH  Also, not sure what was in the broth but holy cow, I felt like a cow afterwards and was so sleepy I had to come home and take a nap!!  Will not return again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angelica P.', '5', "My favorite childhood restaurant! Service is fast. It's a very traditional restaurant so don't expect them to kiss your ass or just don't demand better service. You get what you get and you don't get upset! Delicious food! Try it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sally N.', '4', "If you're ever craving hu tieu, you need to come here. Order it dry and you will be really stuffed. The portions are just right. The staff is really friendly and your food comes as soon as you order it. I've never been to a hu tieu place that serves it with chinese donuts, but you have to dip the donuts in the soup to get it a little wet. The soup is also so flavorful. I wasn't a huge fan of the meatball, but overall, this place is definitely worth a try! I will absolutely be back if I'm in the San Jose area again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ed Q.', '5', "Made it to Tully road today for lunch and I happened to get a rock star parking right in front of the restaurant.  Quickly ordered special Cambodian noodle (dry), BBQ Pork, Shrimp Crab noodle (dry), and Grilled Pork Chop, Shredded Pork Skin, Egg Cake with Egg over Rice, meat ball and Chinese Donut.  The dry noodle is very nice, but the flavor is a little less than what I expected.  By no means I am no expert on Cambodian food, just based on what I had before.  It's still very good.  Meatball is flavorful and the soup that came with the dry noodle is also tasty.   Service is quick and friendly, price is cheap (the total bill came to $36.xx).  It's a little trek for me to fight the traffic to get here, but if I were in the area, this is among my top choices for noodles."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda T.', '1', 'Most Vietnamese restaurants do not have the most sought out ambience but Nam Vang was especially dirty on the tables, chairs, even the walls.  But that\'s not what made this place BAD.  Came here for lunch with my daughter (who\'s an infant) and family.  This may just be a circumstance for me but when I asked for hot water to warm up my baby\'s milk, the lady refused to give me hot water and said they only had room temperature water.  This is clearly a load of crock because they serve very hot tea and very hot soup.  I called her out, then she went on to say that a kid had been burnt in the restaurant in the past so they don\'t give it out.  Fair.  Then she continues to walk past our table and mouth some stuff I can\'t make out again and again.  I finally tell her I want tea and an extra cup so she brings it out.  Problem solved.  I warm my baby\'s milk anyway.  She should\'ve just complied because her reasoning was quite idiotic since I could get "hot water" by using the tea. Then, the server who brings out hot soup places it in front of my infant daughter rather than move the non-hot things around.  He was asked "what are you doing?" only to respond with "well where else am I going to put it?" with attitude.  Another rude person. So besides the very incredibly terrible service, the food was subpar.  I\'ve had fresher, better tasting Nam Vang on Alum Rock in East SJ.  If you\'re willing to go there, their food tastes much better and their restaurant isn\'t as gross nor is the service garbage.  Will never be going back to this restaurant again!  (And I don\'t say that often)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ivy T.', '2', "They are known for their Hu Tieu Nam Vang (dry).  I was expecting some ravenous due to the raving reviews.  Nothing to special.  Noodles were clumpy w/ a load of their special sauce.  Meat was just meat.  If I'm eating Hu Tieu dry, I prefer the noodles to not be clumpy, splash of sauce, tasty meat that compliments the noodles alone.  Since I didn't taste much, I decided to throw my broth into the mix.  I was hungry so I had to eat it.  The fried chinese donuts is an interesting addition that I haven't seen.  Neat, but doesn't compliment the dish one way or another."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gabby P.', '2', "We are not from the area so we used yelp to find somewhere to eat and I thought based on the reviews that we were going to have a great experience eating here . Unfortunately it was very unsanitary. The floor , tables and plates were dirty . We ordered a rice plate and stir fry noodle . Both were not so tasty. The only reason I don't rate it with one star is because we decided to get an order of chicken noodle soup because we were hardly touched the 2 other plates . To our surprise, it was actually really good compared to the other 2 plates we had prior to the noodle soup ."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffany W.', '5', "This place is THEE BOMB. I'm giving it 5 stars solely based on their HU TIEU NAM VANG!! I just love it so much, and it ALWAYS satisfies my craving for Asian noodles. It's an Asian restaurant so you don't expect great service (not being racist, but you know it's true), but their hu tieu nam vang (dry) is AMAZING. What it is, from my understanding is rice noodles with some soy sauce-like oil, an assortment of meats; shrimp, liver, pork slices, ground chicken? and some garnishes. It also comes with a very delicious and flavorful pork broth which you can add to the noodles if they are too dry.  It's pretty cheap too, under $10, CASH ONLY, ya understand? Haha, for reals though, it is cash only. So if you have cash, definitely give this place a try! If you don't like it, I don't think we can be friends...haha jk! maybe...LOL"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brenda L.', '4', "So you come here for menu item #1: Dâc Biêt Huê Tiêu Nam Vang (Special Cambodian Rice Noodle) w/ soup on side. This dish is less than $9 & it is packed with yummy flavors. It's a noodle dish with an orange-ish sauce. It's a Viet's spin on a Cambodian noodle dish & it's a favorite of mine. Don't expect spectacular service because, after all, it's an authentic Vietnamese joint & chit chatting with customers about their experience isn't high on their priority list. The interior is also unremarkable. Parking lot usually gets pretty crowded so come a few minutes early in case you need to hover around exiting customers."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tom B.', '4', "THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE PLACES TO EAT FOR BREAKFAST! I ONLY get their Hu Tieu Mi Nam Vang - Dry style. It is their specialty with a mix of rice noodles and egg noodles along with a combination of various versions of pork meat, sliced liver and heart. It comes with a bowl of broth with a piece of oxtail that has been boiled.  I always order an order or two of the chinese donut and a meatball (xiu mai). It's a very asian restaurant and is CASH ONLY. Service is minimal. One of my go-to's!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thao P.', '5', "I've been going here since I was about 7 years old, nothing has changed since then. My favorite is hu tieu mi. Can't go wrong with this place. The service is alright but that is okay because I heard that the workers do not get to their tips."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Albert N.', '4', "The hu tieu nam vang, order #1, is their specialty. It can be eaten dry or with the broth. Either way, this simple dish is delicious, with ground pork, shrimp, buttery tasting slices of liver, beef, a meat bone,  all flavored with their special sauce. If you don't care about the outward appearance, old decor, and sketchy people outside sround the plaza, it's worth a try.  After visiting vietnam, I come to realize and appreciate food, even from the most unappealing location. Some of the best food comes from hole in the wall places, where it's not so much about marketing and business,  but more so the food! Also, this place only takes cash."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Irene O.', '4', "Hands down the best place for hu tieu! Haven't found a place that comes close to it. I used to eat here with my family every Sunday morning. It's just one of those spots that you can't get tired of.  Honestly, parking is usually a hassle and quite impossible since it is in a small private lot but we park at the post office since they are closed on Sunday's and just walk over. This place is cash ONLY! #1. Hu tieu nam vang (dry noodles with soup on the side) is the way to go! Add an order of the Chinese donuts to dip in the soup. That soy sauce that they use in the noodles is definitely something else. I don't recommend getting it as a to go order, always best when it's a sit in dining and fresh."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Omar R.', '3', "Nice little pho spot in San Jose, food is real good and their special side soup is amazing. I opted for the rice plate with pork chop, shredded pork and over easy egg. Filled me up and the pork chop was flavored and cooked to perfection. The egg were slightly over cooked but manageable. Service was bleh, but it's expected at an Asian restaurant . Soup for the kids quickly disappeared so I'm assuming it was delicious. In all very pleased with the food and definitely going to come back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anfernee P.', '1', "Today I went to go eat here and order and it was the worst experience ever. Asked for water and got refused because I had ordered an ice coffee so she said there was no more ice for water. Then I started eating and she moved everyone that was next to me and they started mopping next to my feet. If you never been here don't even bother coming the food wasn't even all that anymore."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Au N.', '2', 'My family ordered 4 #1 Nam Vang Noodle Soup as it is highly recoomended on yelp. There were 4 tables at that time and it tooks 10 mins for someone to bring us 4 bowls of broth. It tooks another 5 mins for them to bring us the noodle (noodle and broth are served separated on 2 bowls as we ordered the dried variant). :( The broth is delicious but the noodle is beliw average. 3/5 at best. I like the broth so I ordered an extra bowl of broth. It tooks them 10 mins to bring me the broth (and I already finished all the noodle). Terrible service. Will not return.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kimm H.', '4', 'I\'ve been coming here since I was a child. Unfortunately, child no more... and my family doesn\'t come here in large groups like we used to. There was a period of time where the food was actually going downhill. I heard it was because they had gotten a new chef but HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS and my heart is in my stomach. I\'ve always loved it here. I\'ve been here since it was grams and mama working and now it\'s grams and the kids. The service is obviously not to be questioned. They\'re really helpful with my Vietnamese during those occasional brain farts where my brain cannot translate for its life and wants to input various languages instead.  Once in a while my friends swing by to eat here... typically for breakfast. Usually because they\'re hungover and I get bribed to wake up early (definitely not a morning person).  I ordered the ba\'nh canh a lot as a kid because I was really picky then leaned towards the Hu Tieu Xao Nam Vang because papaKimm ordered it a lot. We all had our family staples and one way or another we\'d order something within our norm just to balance things out. I.E. If I didn\'t order my ba\'nh canh, mamaKimm would order something soupy. Stuff like that. It took forever for me to finally learn to finish my meal - it was either because I became an overweight child or I grew and my appetite matched. I finally learned to finish my HTXNV and boy was it the happiest day of my life. Now, it\'s basically all I order (unless I\'m under the weather, ba\'nh canh it is).  Recently (maybe last year), I showed my boyfriend to this nostalgic restaurant. He fell in love with the #1 (Hu Tieu Nam Vang Dac Biet, kho) which should be translated to some sort of Chinese-Cambodian noodles, dry. Dry means it\'s basically made the same way with the soup on the side. Sides include either my beer or soymilk, typically it\'s soymilk in the morning, the meatballs (1 each) and the Chinese donuts/fried breadsticks (there\'s really gotta be a better translated name for them). Side note - it\'s meant to be deep fried in oil so it\'s going to be oily. If you don\'t like it, grab napkins and "unoil" it. The boyfriend loves it so much we had to bring his friends (now "our friends") there as a "let\'s get to know each other" breakfast. It went well, by the way. There are on and off days aka hit or misses with the food. Sometimes, it feels like it\'s an OD on MSG and sometimes it\'s really what you need. Actually, most of the time it really hits the spot. Read what you do, say what you will, I love this place and unless the food or service is incredibly rotten, I\'m coming back with more and more people.  Hashtag, Kimm approved.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'M N.', '1', 'I can not believe this place has so many good reviews. Following a recommendation and the great reviews here, I tried this place twice thinking maybe the first time was a fluke on how bad the experience was. Second time was worse! There definitely will not be a "third time\'s a charm" here.  The first time I tried Nam Vang was about a month ago. I was visiting a friend and she gushed about how yummy this place was. We waited in a long line and I thought "Wow, this place must be amazing!" Once it was our turn, a lady yelled "How many?!" and pointed to a nearby table they were clearing out. Before my butt even touched the chair, a menu was slapped on the table and she immediately asked what we wanted. I asked for a couple minutes to look at the menu since it was my first time there. About 30 seconds later she came back, pointedly glared at me and said, "What do you want? Only me working today."  To make it faster and because I really hadn\'t had a chance to look at the menu, my friend ordered the "famous" dish for me. The Cambodian Hu Thieu. And yes, the food was delicious. I\'ll give them that. But the whole time I felt rushed to eat, water was only refilled after asking three times, and the service was so rude it boggled my mind how this place stayed in business. I went to pay, an older lady frowned at me (maybe there was food on my face from rushing to eat?!) snatched the cash from my fingers, gave me my change.... And get this... Points to the tip jar! My mouth fell open, but I\'m a firm believer in always tipping, no matter what. I drop a $5. in. She didn\'t even say thank you or crack a smile.  I did go in a second time. Shame on me for even trying it again, but I figured it must\'ve been an off day for them. And the food really was yummy!  Needless to say, this experience was no better, if not worse even though it was fairly empty that day. I took my mom here. She was looking at the menu and the same lady last time hovered over her tapping impatiently on her pad of paper. At this point I had enough of their attitude. I asked her to come back please. And returned her glare with one of my own. She stepped back and stood by the counter but kept looking at us clearly unhappy we were taking more than the allowed 15 seconds.  Once we ordered, it was a repeat of last time. Except we had a fly buzzing around our heads trying to share our meal. The same dish I ordered last time and thought was so delicious didn\'t taste nearly as good. This time, I broke my own rule and refused to tip! This place is not consistent in how their food is made. The place is dirty and with flies swarming around it is plain unsanitary. The worst is the rude service! It makes you question: Am I paying for my meal or are they paying me to eat here?  No matter how great the food in any establishment, customer service is more than half the experience. Thumbs down for Nam Vang. I\'m disappointed all around. Especially in myself for trying it a second time.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina N.', '4', "Known for their Special Cambodian Rice Noodle (Dat Biet Hu Tieu Nam Vang). Bowls range from $6.50-$7.75. Depends on what size you order. It has a distinct taste. How do I eat it? Usually, I order it dry then I add lemon on top and a few spoons of soup so it's not too dry. It will have the soup with meat on the side. You won't have to order it. Also, a side order of Chinese donut and siu mai is optional, but great adds. This order will come with the large white rice noodle with the yellow noodles as well. It includes pork, shrimp, and other toppings. The meat in the soup bowl is tender and soft. Yummy-licous.  Service is alright. Asian restaurant, not the greatest. Fast though.  Bring your receipt to the front counter to pay. CASH ONLY. Total came out to about $28 for three people."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Belinda T.', '2', 'Came here on a Saturday afternoon.  Turn around time is quick we didn\'t wait long for a table to seat 4. They took our order fairly quickly... Our food took a little longer than I expected to come out... especially for dry noodles.   My bone soup came out luke warm and the broth was really sweet.  The noodles must\'ve been sitting waiting to be brought out for awhile when I tried to mix it, or pick up the noodles it was just one giant mushy clump.   The servers are nice, and when I asked for more hot water for my Vietnamese coffee drip he was quick. When I was paying I asked for a togo cup for my Vietnamese coffee and the lady was kinda mean about it :( and kinda tossed a bag at me for the leftover Chinese donuts we had. And I know it\'s just chump change, but I stood there waiting for change so I could toss it in the tip jar, but she just kept it and said "i gave you your box already"? I\'m not sure I will be coming back to this establishment.  I wasn\'t blown away by the food for me to ignore the rudeness.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Marilyn H.', '4', 'The thing I miss most from Boston is my favorite Cambodian place (now closed) - Floating Rock. I\'ve been on a search for noodles similar to their "Cambodian pad thai" for years, and a friend told me about this place.  It seems like most people just get the same thing - #1 on the soup noodles: Cambodian special noodles with the soup on the side. I didn\'t care much for the offal and meat, but the noodles hit the spot and were pretty much exactly what I was looking for. I liked the thin celery and sprouts on the side, which I put into the soup to soften, then added to the noodles.   Cash only.  It\'s in a small strip mall off Tully, but parking was no issue at dinner.  I\'m not sure about their other food, but I\'m definitely coming back for those noodles! And yes, I\'ll admit a large part is nostalgia.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kyan T.', '2', 'I have a love hate relationship with this restaurant.   Love their food.  Its so delicious but hate the fact that the restaurant is so freaking dirty.  Everytime I come here, I always wonder how clean is their kitchen.  Now the service I can definitely forget.  None to speak of and is so horrible.  Only come here to dine n dash.  (Paid for of course.)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angel K.', '5', "There was a period of time where I craved hu tieu ALL the time. I wanted to come here for every meal! It's so tasty! The food is so yummy but the portions are kinda small and it is a little pricier than you'd think for Vietnamese food. I always get the hu tieu dry with broth on the side and it's super tasty! My boyfriend loves getting the Chinese donuts to eat with the hu tieu, he loves that stuff!  The service isn't too bad, they take your order pretty quick and bring out your food in no time. I'm never waiting long there to eat! The place isn't exactly the cleanest and doesn't look super nice, but I'm just there for the food. Parking can be a hassle sometimes, especially during lunch or dinner time, the plaza really fills up and it gets hard to find a spot (one time we had to park way down the street past the Chuck E Cheese cuz we just couldn't find any parking!). I haven't been disappointed by this place, ever! So delicious! Can't wait to come eat here again!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'May L.', '3', 'Very friendly staff but the hu tieu was just ok. Nothing super special.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Breanna N.', '4', 'This place has been here for years! I normally get the  "Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho" (dry noodles). It comes with a complimentary soup that just enhances and brings the dish together. I also order a side of Chinese Donuts when I\'m feeling a little ambitious. It\'s not that sweet at all and you can dip it in your soup too. The price for such a feast is very affordable. My only big critic is the long line that accompanies it. But I guess that\'s understandable when the food is super delicious.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katelyn P.', '4', "I came here with my family for lunch and I thought the food was great! #1 Hu Tieu (dry)  --The noodles were cooked pretty well. They weren't too dry and not sticky. The soy sauce on that was mixed in the noodles was very yummy. I loved the bean sprouts and this dish wouldn't be the same without. The other ingredients (including liver) that came with this dish were good but nothing worth mentioning. However, even with that comment, I loved the combination of everything and would recommend trying this dish if you come here!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alex F.', '5', "Ok, due for an update. I must've just came in on a bad night before. After coming back on a few occasions, this place definitely has some good dry styled noodles. Parking lot is a mess and it's probably not the cleanest, but their delicious noodles makes up for it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'T P.', '2', "A few years ago this was one of my 'secret' Go-To spots. The shumai and their combo special was always a hit. The service has never been great, so that isn't really a surprise, but the quality and portion sizes of the food has definitely declined. Prices are still good, food is OK."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine S.', '4', "I'm lucky to have so many Vietnamese friends because that means I get to try all the different kinds of Vietnamese food! :) The hu tieu at Nam Vang is just another favorite on my list. Even for a late lunch, half of the restaurant was filled with people. I told my friend to order, and out came a bowl of noodles, a bowl of soup, a small plate of pork meatball, and Chinese donuts.. per person! It is a wonderful experience eating dry noodles with soup on the side. The Chinese donuts were warm and crispy - perfection. Everything was great about this place, but I wish there were more noodles! I was full when I finished lunch, but two hours later, I was hungry again. I would definitely come to eat here again! Like most Asian restaurants, this place is cash only! Between two people, I paid around $23."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'popobee N.', '3', "It's CASH ONLY. The soup was good, my server was really friendly. Other than that, my dry Hu Tieu Nam Vang was not as flavorful as I hope it would be. I've had better."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Truc P.', '1', "To be honest this place is not worth trying. First their restaurant look very dirty and not clean. Second, the service here is suck, the guy came and take order without looking at us or smile at all and missing my order (i speak Vietnamese to him) Third their Hu Tieu nam vang (order 1) is not even close to the taste of the real Hu Tieu Nam vang, I'm Vietnamese and I know how Hu Tieu nam vang is so its really disappointed. Their broth is not clear and clean, it was vey brownish and taste like pork broth you could make at home. And last, I ordered small size and it came out really really small ( it's $ 7.70 for small size) and I was surprised. It was my first time seeing this kind of smallest size (like Vietnam size) in US . Can't believe they charge for $7.70"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Carena N.', '5', "Ohmygoodness, I never knew how close this restaurant was to where I'm from, but after trying it for the first time...holy jamoly!  This has got to be one of my latest top places to eat.  I love love love the Hu Tieu Nam Vang!!!  Different from my usual Vietnamese, so you've got to try it. We also got the Chinese Donut and the Xiu Mai, both of which were not something that I super rave about, but for real, come for that #1 noodle.  You won't be disappointed!  Put about 1/3rd of the bowl of the soup they give you into the dry rice noodles, mix, and then enjoy!!!  Don't forget to eat the beef on the bone in the soup too, it literally melts right off!  Yum yum yum!!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael C.', '4', 'A bit too strong for me.  But tastes really good. #1 Hu Tieu Cambodian rice noodle & Siu Mai are my favorites.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amanda V.', '5', 'I love Nun Vang noodles . My order is Hu Tieu with broth on the side +pork meatball. It is absolutely delicious !!!!!  Also Cash only and good luck to finding parking']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Calily B.', '5', "One of my favorite Viet dishes from one of my favorite Viet restaurants! We always eat here when we visit San Jose.  The hu tieu nam vang is full of choice meats, ground meat, chewy noodles and delicious sauce! The broth on the side is the way to do it. How do they make that broth so clear and sweet?! Food comes out fast and hot! It doesn't get any better. TIP: CASH ONLY!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Guess W.', '5', "#1 Dry. This place isnt the cleanest nor is the staff the friendliest but the 1 dish i go here for is on point.  Portion size is a bit small but its just enough to not feel too full. Best Cambodian style hu tieu I've ever tried!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Daisy L.', '4', "I love this place. I've been going here with my parents since I was a kid and I will never get tired of their #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (dry cambodian noodles). The xiu mai with the chinese donut is also really good! It's a quick meal and I'm in and out of the restaurant usually within 30-40 minutes.  The only downer is that it's cash only and the customer service is whatever. The interior is also outdated but they offer my favorite hu tieu in the Bay so I'll be coming back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Auden W.', '4', "A solid place. Something of a change if you're sick of pho noodles. There's a plate with vermicilli with shrimp and beef! On top of that soup and a pork bone! at an affordable price of 8 dollars, the sauce that comes with it is delicious!! Decent service and overall a nice lil joint."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kenitha Y.', '5', "ERMAHGERD!! my comfort food at its finest. i'm not even exaggerating, but i've been eating hu tieu since my mama was carrying me in the womb.  so this is for sure the good stuff. i ALWAYS order the #1 LARGE (since the small is a freaking a joke) with the soup on the side.  you also have to order the xiu mai (steamed meatball) and gio chao quay (chinese donut) to go with your super awesome bowl of noodles.  that's right, super awesome.  there's so much flavor in one bowl; it's packed with meat, the dirty bits (organ meat), shrimp, squid and some kind of sauce.  trust me its good. also, don't forget to bring money since its cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kimberly S.', '4', "How can you say no to NV!? I love this place, the workers are really friendly! I go here 2-3 times a week, and I always get the usual (#1 large dry noodle). Freaking LOVE Nam Vang.   The downside to this place is that I wish it was a bigger spot. If you try going during lunch time around 11am, it's super busy and it gets difficult to find parking around the plaza which I hate."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrea W.', '3', "I was really excited to try this place because of all the good reviews, but I was disappointed. I got large #1 combination hu tieu dry, which means there was a bowl of soup that came on the side. The hu tieu was way too salty, as was the bowl of soup. All the noodles in the hu tieu were clumped together too, and it was pretty oily. There wasn't much in the noodles except for...noodles, 2 pieces of shrimp, some meat, and liver. The hu tieu was served with a plate of beansprouts and lemons too, which was good because there were zero vegetables in the noodles. The meat was all lean, which I appreciated. We also ordered meatballs, which were pretty decent. They ran out of Chinese donuts on a Sunday night around 6pm, which was disappointing since a lot of Yelpers have mentioned eating their hu tieu with this. The large hu tieu was $8.25, and honestly, it was a pretty small bowl of noodles. The bowl was big, but the quantity of food was not big. The noodles didn't even cover up to half the bowl! The service here was also terrible. It was really difficult to get anyone; we had to try really hard to flag someone down to order. I usually don't ding restaurants for having bad service, but this one's was actually aggravating. We had to ask for water, and when I asked for refills, the waiter never returned with the water. Water! Wow. Anyway, I'm disappointed in the food, and the service was terrible. I'm not coming back again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jasmine N.', '4', "One of my favorite places for Hu Tieu. I always order #1 Hu Tieu and Dry. Downsides is that there is limited parking, and Cash Only like most asian places lol  I'd come here more often if it wasn't so far from my house!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jeff D.', '1', 'This one waiter is very impolite. We simply asked to move to somewhere else more spacey but he ignore us shamelessly and have quite an attitude throughout the whole time.  This waiter made us wait for over 30 minutes with nothing but tea while other customers are getting their meals in 10 minutes.  Not only that, he made quite some noise when cleaning up the tables.  Other than this certain waiter, this restaurant has to be one of the best restaurant with hu tieu nam vang as their specialty. This restaurant could be better if they do something about this one waiter and their cashier.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diem H.', '5', 'My favorite place. It makes me remember of my childhood. Hu tieu :)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Pearl V.', '1', 'Just FYI: When ordering the #1, do not order the "Large" because it is essentially the same quantity as a "Small", but just in a larger bowl. -____-  Yeah. It\'s like how overpriced beer is sold in what appears to be larger glasses but hold the exact same amount of liquid. Trickery.  I came here recently with the hubs, sister, and baby nephews. It was around 4pm on a Sunday and all the chairs were up on the tables as if they were either closed or about to clean up for the night. So, this dude comes to seat us and chooses a tiny 4 seater table when we had 3 adults and 2 kids with us. Mind you, there were empty tables galore and I refused the 4-top and asked for the neighboring 6-top table. This dude shakes his head "no" as in "we cannot sit there". This pissed me off right away because it was ridiculous to squeeze us in this little table when there were bountiful tables available. So I asked, "What? Why not?!" and he looked at the lady who was at the cashier counter who said "Let them sit there!" (according to my spy Chinese husband, lol). He begrudgingly complied and began taking the chairs off the 6-top table so we could sit down there.  All I can say is..... RUUUUUUUU-HUUUUUDE!  PS. Never coming back here again. Especially since they are ALWAYS out of the damn siu mai\'s and \'chinese\' donuts.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chena N.', '5', "5 stars ONLY for the Hu Tieu Nam Vang.  Order this, Order this, and Order this only. Honestly the best Hu Tieu Nam Vang (HTNV) in NorCal and wipes out EVERY wanna-be HTNV in SoCal. What is this HTNV you ask? I dont really know to be honest because I just swallow that whole bowl in 5 minutes. But, I think there are 5 different meats in there (shrimp, beef, and some other things). It's hot soup with white thin rice noodles. Broth is DELICIOUS. Price is CHEAP for the great quality.  Yes, the restaurant looks shady. Yes, the restaurant is small. Yes, the waiters and waitress are very Viet. Yes, the tables & interior are not pretty. Yes, parking sucks. and... NO, you will not like the HTNV anywhere else! My brother, mom, and dad were born in Vietnam. Sooo when they want me to carry a box of 6 bowls of HTNV for them all the way from San Jose in an UNCOMFORTABLE SIX hour ride on the bus down to LA for them ALONE, you KNOW its the bomb.  that is all I have to say.  oh P.S., TRY IT! Please?:D"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancy L.', '4', 'yum yum yum!  I\'ve grown up with this restaurant as a part of mine and my family\'s life. We would go here pretty often when I was younger and I would get really excited every time.  I\'m giving this place 4 stars because I feel as though the consistency may be lacking. I came back for the first time in a while, and my noodles weren\'t all that impressive. However, when I came back just a couple weeks ago, I thought it was AMAZING. This lovely little mom and pop shop is located in small little plaza off of Tully and are known for their Hu Tieu Nam Vang, siu mai (meatballs), and Chinese donuts. I never knew that the noodles were a Cambodian dish, I always thought it was Vietnamese due to the fact that the people who work there speak Viet and the dish has a Vietnamese name, however as I was older I realized there was the Cambodian language on the windows and then finally discovered that this is a dish that did not belong to my people. Haha Regardless of the fact, this dish is amazing. I always get my Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (dry) because it comes with a small bowl of broth, served with a "crockpot" meat in it (suon for those of you who are viet). So really, if you get tired of eating yoru noodles dry, halfway through you can just dump the broth in, and BAM! You\'ve got yourself a noodle soup. Best of both worlds my friend. Best of both worlds. Haha. The noodles are accompanied with a meat sauce, shrimp, squid, liver, and pork meat. Add some bean sprouts and greens in there and you\'ve got yourself a balanced meal.  I usually don\'t really like siu mai because there\'s a lot of daikon raddish in it. However, I decided that I would try it out this time around because it\'s so highly raved about. My mom and I shared the meatball because we knew we would be TOO full to finish one each. The amoutn of daikon in it was just right, it wasn\'t overwhelming. The flavor is nice and rich, and the meat is nice and moist. It isn\'t overly dry like most places and I really enjoyed myself. We accompanied this with the Chinese donuts mentioned above. Usually I don\'t like getting Chinese donuts, because they\'re deep fried, and typically are very oily. However, these Chinese donuts were great! They were nice and fluffy, and even though my mom attempted to dampen the oils out of the donut, barely anything came out. It was just absolute perfection. Please, teach other places how to make Chinese Donuts like you guys.  Parking may be difficult to find if you\'re coming on the weekend, due to the many other small businesses that are in this plaza. Also keep in mind that this restaurant isn\'t very big, therefore there CAN be a wait if you come during the weekends.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'First L.', '2', 'Despite the good reviews on Yelp, Nam Vang is a totally unrewarding experience.  Pros: - Popular with a large cross section of Vietnamese.  - Decent portions for the price.  Cons: - The food tastes Iike it is full of MSG. My mother used to make bone broths all the time when I was a kid, and I was excited to try the free soup. It had no flavor of marrow, just....artificial flavors. The meatball also tasted like artificial flavoring. The # 1 noodle was just salty.  - The restaurant is dirty and dingy. This is not a problem for me if the food is good, but it was not.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vanesa D.', '4', "The restaurant is located in an Asian shopping plaza that seems pretty run down. There are assigned parking everywhere and it can be a little hard to find a place if you go during lunch. The restaurant itself seems a bit run-down and dirty. It's a common occurrence that tables remain uncleared for a while. The staff are pretty mediocre and standard of these types of restaurant where they take your order, give your food to you, and then retreat to a corner somewhere. The space itself feels crammed with as many tables and chairs as possible to maximize the number of people that can be in the restaurant. I really recommend going during dinner because it seems that no one really wants to go there during the evening hours. I like the #1 special hu tieu dry with soup on the side and the banh loc xao with an egg on top because they're really good! I have cravings of these dishes all the time. The dish sizes don't seem to really make a big difference so I would definitely recommend just getting a small. The prices are reasonable and it's cash only so don't forget that.  If they didn't have the two dishes that I like, I doubt that I would really go to the place so my rating is based mainly on the food and why I keep coming back despite everything else."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Derek S.', '3', "Came by for lunch and Nam Vang is merely mediocre. Ordered #3 which was BBQ Pork w/ Crab (Imitation) and shrimp dry w/ rice noodles in soy sauce and soup on the side. The highlight of the dish was the BBQ Pork that was fresh and thickly cut. The imitation crab was a disappointment and the shrimp was rather small. The soup wasn't super flavorful and the pork bone was rather dry. Dalat has the best seafood Hu Tieu w/ a real crab claw and huge prawn along with a very flavorful soup. The Shiu Mai was a mediocre $1.5 add-on that was clumpy and fell apart by the time I picked it up... The iced coffee was mediocre...bitter even with condensed milk... Total was ~$12.5...I'll stick w/ Dalat next time... The parking lot is tight and the restaurant is super ghetto.  Cash only!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Briget P.', '4', 'I ordered the Dac Biet Mi Nam Vang (Special Cambodian Noodles) and they were delicious! I like eating them dry and only slightly drizzling the broth over them, plenty of flavor as is. They also have pickled chili peppers at the table which go great with any noodle.  I ordered their Pho Ap Chao to-go and it took 45 min! When I took it home to try it, the noodles were so stale and not good at all, not worth the wait.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Simon N.', '5', "Get the #1 and add a siu mai to it. Also, get an side of Chinese donut and put that underneath the noodles to suck in all the flavor for the finishing touch! Trust me you can't go wrong with this combo. It is absolutely delicious"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cony G.', '1', 'service was so bad, i came here for noodle soup, the lady just smacked the menu on the table. i just dislike that kind of attitude to customer. please change that kind of customer service or retrain your worker.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dee J.', '2', 'I always order the Hu Mi Tieu Nam Vang dried version and it is really good but their potion have really become smaller and smaller. The large here is considered a less than small bowl at other places and I feel ripped off when I having to pay almost $11 for a "large" bowl for a less than small portion. While I will from time to time crave for this place, it won\'t be a place I would frequent as I would like.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Davina N.', '5', "This place is cash only just a heads up!! But it's so good that you should just have that on hand just incase you decide to come here. Their hu tieu nam vang kho with soup on the side is the best I've tried! Love the chinese donuts that go with the meal so that you can dip it with the soup and eat your dried noodles with it. Portions are good and the price is cheap so if you're on a budget this is the place to go to. This really is a hole in the wall kind of restaurant, it's been here forever and it hasn't changed. Even the employees haven't changed and I've been going here since I was a little kid!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cal Y.', '5', "I don't normally write reviews, but when I do, it's REAL! Worth the drive if you are in the area! Not going to lie, i had second thoughts about it after  out that it is 20 minutes away of where I was working for the day.  I ordered the #1 Cambodian Rice noodle soup. Let me break the dish down. It comes in 2 separate bowls 1) soup and 2) noodles with the meat! No, they're not lazy... I think its genius! It's DIY, if you like a lot of soup, pour more soup! if you don't eat only the noodles dry by itself, which is perfect for a hot day. The noodle comes out like a stir-fry in oyster sauce, (think Pad Thai without the unwanted peanut sauce). I am not a fan of dry noodles until today. All the different components: soup and noodles were already phenomenal on it's own, but together, it's HARMONIOUS!  So just how good was the dish you ask? Good enough for me to run home and write a rave review!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steve D.', '5', "As much as I come here, I'm surprised that I haven't written a review on it yet.  I am here every weekend at 8 am.  Sometimes both days of the weekend.  I have only ordered the #1 dry with chinese donuts. I have nothing more to say than this is the place where I will have my wedding reception and the birth of my first child.  The only negative thng I have to say about this place is that I can't eat here every day of the week"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Randy F.', '3', '**Pho Quest: Hu Tieu Side Quest #3** Although I had been to Nam Vang a few years ago for their hu tieu, I couldn\'t quite remember how good it was.  After having recently trying the same dish at Dalat and also at Saigon Vien Dong, I felt much better prepared to do a comparison. The parking lot is an absolute mess on weekends and a multitude of cars double park just to find a space and eat a meal.  Nam Vang is definitely one of the more popular establishments in the mall and has every bit of the hole-in-the-wall feeling, from the run down chair they use to hold the door open (and says "do not sit on") to the interior.   I ordered to go and the #1 with soup on the side was $6.95.  Not as cheap as Saigon Vien Dong but again much cheaper than Dalat ($10.95). I ordered it to go, but I don\'t think the packing really affected the flavor negatively at all.  The pork bone broth soup came with a large pork bone with tender pork meat and the noodles came on the side with a mix of a shrimp, some squid, liver, and a few pork slices.   Flavor was good, but I thought the toppings were even more sparse than Saigon Vien Dong.  Perhaps this is one reason people always get the meatball on the side and the order of a Chinese donut.  The broth was good, but as people complain, it comes out relatively lukewarm so I was glad to bring it home and heat it up.  Overall, I\'d say Nam Vang, which is often mentioned as the best of the hu tieu restaurants was just ok for me.  I enjoyed Saigon Vien Dong more and I do miss the crab claw at Vung Tau and Dalat, despite the higher prices.  Maybe one day this place was the best, but I don\'t think so anymore. I\'m gonna have to try Golden Harvest and the new McKee Hu Tieu Nam Vang.  Both places have almost no ratings so I\'m not holding my breath. Nam Vang is cash only.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sheena T.', '4', 'This place is a real authentic Vietnamese hole-in-the-wall that offers a fushion between Cambodian, Vietnamese, and Chinese cuisine. They\'ve got your Chinese donuts, Chinese meatballs, and Cambodian-style noodles. The BF first took me here about a week or two ago, and I fell in love with the number 1, dac biet, kho (means "dry" or "without soup" in Vietnamese). The sauce is interesting and they give you two pieces of shrimp and a liver. You also get a soup with a pork bone base on the side. I\'m pretty sure sanitation here sucks, but I don\'t think about it as the food was good enough to distract me.  Definietly some good old fashioned comfort food here.  Tips: 1. Cash only 2. Located across from the Alvin US Post Office 3. Bring your receipt up to the register to pay Recommend: 1. #1 Dac Biet with soup on the side']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Uyen N.', '4', 'The meatballs and noodles are the best hang over cure.  The service is fast and worth the drive to this side of town']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jen G.', '4', "One of my girlfriends suggested that we have dinner here this past Thursday. The food was delicious! I'm not sure what it was called because our friend was the one who ordered it for us. But it was like a dry noodle and there was soup on the side. The portion was small though but it was goooood! I would totally come back and order a large!! Lol"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'S F.', '1', "I know I'm in the minority here.  But it is the majority that brought me here.  This place caters to patrons who like cloying flavors and shun freshness. The kitchen staff focuses on providing food that has been boiled to death and over seasoned by food modifiers to hide the true flavors of the ingredients. The only thing that was remotely fresh was the plate of celery and bean sprouts.  The much lauded Xiu Mai is a steamed mess of primarily turnips encased in rendered pig parts and sitting in congealing lard drippings. The hu tieu flat in flavor and contents scant of reasons to be praised.  The egg noodles were so enveloped in brown sauce, that I would have a hard time identifying the type of noodles.  On the plus side, the servers were friendly for such a busy place."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lyn C.', '4', "I love soup!  Of course I like pho, but Nam Vang is a nice alternative for Asian soup.  It's hidden by Chuck E Cheese and isn't very glamorous, but what it lacks in beauty it makes up in soup.  Just tell people it has a great personality.   I like the #1 with the soup on the side and no liver.  Cash only.  Quick, typical Asian service.  Nam nam nam vang."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Veda T.', '4', 'My family has been going here for years! Every time my grandparents come visit from Minnesota, this is the spot that they always request to eat at because Nam Vang seriously knows how to make a good Hu Tieu.  I usually order the Hu Tieu with the soup on the side. Instead of the egg noodles, I get the white pho noodles because it\'s waaaaaay better in my opinion. The soup is fabulous...I can not even describe to you how it tastes, but it is seriously out of this world. Best part by far is the liver. Gimmmmme gimmmme gimmmme is what I tell my family when they don\'t want their liver.  I am totes obsessed with this place, but you might wondering "Hmmmm...why not give it 5 stars then?" The location is sketchy as hell. For some reason, there\'s always hella homeless people in front of this place. Why Nam Vang of all places?! The restaurant is really old, and I get chills up on my spine whenever I get a peek of the kitchen when I\'m walking in. I cannot bring myself to imagine what it looks like in there. But the taste of the food really makes me forget how unsanitary everything may seem. Trust me!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bea J.', '1', 'Tried placing an order for pick up on the phone. The first time they picked up then hung up immediately. The second time I was asking about a dish and they said "we don\'t have that, okay bye." Maybe the food is fantastic, but the service is awful.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenifer L.', '2', "I was excited to try this place two days ago, but unfortunately, I was disappointed after my first bite. I ordered the Cambodian combo, which included seafood and meat. There was nothing special about the dish; instead, it was too sweet. Even the soup on the side was sweet. I am pretty sure they use MSG because my boyfriend and I were dying of thirst afterwards. Some pieces of seafood and meat tasted a little stinky as well, but it was only a few pieces. The noodles were good, soft and chewy.  My friend ordered com thit nguong (rice with BBQ beef) and the meat was extremely sweet. It tasted more like a dessert than meal.  We didn't order Chinese donuts but the server served us another tables meal to us. We thought it came with all orders, so we ate it before knowing. The Chinese donut was not good. It was stale and greasy. We ended up being charged for it, even though it wasn't our mistake. I honestly thought it came with all meals. My boyfriend, friend, and I were disappointed. I guess their foods decreased throughout the years (per the other helpers reviews)."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Babynorah T.', '3', "Get the #1 special combination everyone says on Yelp and so we did. We ordered the dry form because that's my favorite way to eat it. I don't get it. My husband and I were extremely disappointed. It was OK. I wouldn't order again. I've had much much better."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda T.', '5', "Get number one with Chinese donuts :))). My favorite! Don't forget to ask for the soup on the side, the noodles are so delicious without the soup. I usually add 2 soup fulls of the broth to the noodles and mix it up! And the Chinese donuts are delicious with the broth.  I come here once in awhile and always get one :) I would definitely recommend this place."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda D.', '5', 'Get the hu tieu nam vang - dry. Soup will come on the side. You also have to get the fried Chinese donut to eat with the soup.  Also get the xi mai (meatball). You can eat that with the Chinese donut too. So bombbbb.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ly D.', '4', 'I still end up coming here for my noodle fix. I think I\'ve begun to favor the hu tieu noodles over the yellow noodles though. Their portion size is really small for the dry noodles so I would suggest ordering a large if you want a decent sized meal. I do think they\'ve skimped on meat over the years. The shrimp is shrimpy in size too ): I like ordering one order of Chinese donuts and one meatball to share before the entree comes out.  Service is typical of Asian restaurants; non-existent after they take your order. This place is not sanitary conscious so don\'t expect a squeaky clean restaurant. It gets pretty busy on the weekends around lunch time so beware! Otherwise there\'s never really a rush. Parking can be a pain at anytime though..  Come here if you\'re craving Cambodian style noodles & don\'t mind the "eat & GTFO" Asian mentality!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cecilia N.', '5', "OCCASION: It was our 4 months together and I picked this place because the boyfriend and I haven't tried out a Vietnamese and/or Chinese restaurant yet. I picked out this place because I remembered the food being very good and authentic. It is like a mix of Cambodia, Vietnamese, and Chinese food together.***CASH ONLY*** ENVIRONMENT: We came in time before there was a wait line. It is located in a very small Vietnamese plaza. Finding parking here is impossible. My boyfriend and I had to park off the streets. But even then, street parking is limited. It was a very hot Saturday afternoon and inside, even though it was quite crowded, there was no AC. All the workers speak Vietnamese fluently and some understand enough English to get by. Chairs and tables are old-school and interior could be nicer/modern. Space is very cramped. It was hard to go walk by other tables and chairs without hitting them. There is a Buddha statue in the front of the restaurant. ***CASH ONLY*** FOOD: I ordered the Bo Kho and my boyfriend got com tam. It was delicious but my boyfriend thought that the com tam portions were small for the price. My Bo Kho was delicious! We also go the Chinese donuts and it was delicious. They serve the coffee differently than the other restaurants I've been to. You wait for the coffee to make itself and then you pour it into the iced glass of water. ***CASH ONLY*** CUSTOMER SERVICE: Non-existent. When you enter, they will ask how many people and just tell you to sit down at a table. When they take your order, they will just come up and wait for your order. When the lady came with our drinks, she put a huge tray of drinks on our table and looked at her notepad, and took out what we ordered. Then she picked up the huge tray and left us. The waiter who took our food order came back with food and placed it on the table. You pay in front at the cashier. She is an extremely old lady but she gets the job done. She will take a look at the little note and calculate how much you pay. Then you pay in cash. ***CASH ONLY*** OVERALL: Good luck finding parking. Expect to have no customer service, no air conditioning, no personal space. ***CASH ONLY*** Food is delicious. ***CASH ONLY*** Did I mention ***CASH ONLY***??"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jacklyn P.', '5', "I'm so glad I came here! The place looks dingy and is cash-only, but the food is fantastic! Got their combo 1 special dry noodles on recommendation and it was extremely delicious. The small bowl of pork broth that came with it was probably the best part. Will be back for sure! Parking is really difficult though, especially on a Saturday afternoon."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anne T.', '5', 'How could I have never wrote a review for our favorite Nam Vang spot?! This place serves up cheap rice and noodle dishes. Definitely a hole in the wall.. not where you bring your first date to.. but you should bring her when you\'re ready to find out if she\'s a diva or a ride-or-die chick. If she can\'t hang, dump her. My friends always order a rice dish, but I come here for what they\'re really known for. The adapted version of Cambodian noodles aka Hieu Tieu Nam Vang. I usually order this "dry" (kho). With a side of meat ball and Chinese donuts.  I\'ve had the real deal and always come back to this place. If I could have a cheat meal every week, it would be their hieu tieu nam vang.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Crystal R.', '1', "I came with friends, and didn't have much choice to come here -- i am vegetarian. Being so, I asked them to put the meat on the side (for my friends) and I will compromise on the broth. They refused to. No substitutions or anything and they would not put the meat on the side. When the dish came it was PLAIN noodles in sauce. No green onions, no cilantro. COMPLETELY NOTHING on or in it!!! When i asked for green onions and cilantro, they gave me a small pinch on a small dish. I have NEVER been to a restaurant so stingy! Never again!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Johnny G.', '4', 'I just come here for strictly two dishes Hu Tieu Nam Vang (dry noodles) which ALWAYS hits the spot! I been coming here since a child and its the best place in san jose that serves this dish. If you have never tried it you should. You wont be dissapointed.  Next is to get the chinese donut with it so you can dip it into your yummy soup. Some people say the Sui Mai (meatball) is really good I just thought it was good but nothing amazing and I could honestly go without it.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Patty O.', '5', 'Their #1 Cambodian noodles are so good! This is the only place that I know that sells these types of noodles. Basically, it comes with dry noodles and meat, with a side of soup that has been marinated with a meat bone. I highly recommend ordering soup on the side, and then putting a few spoonfuls of the soup into the dry noodles to loosen up the noodles. The soup and noodles are both very flavorful. You should also order a side of chinese donuts to dip into the soup and a side of "shu mai" (basically a meatball). Everything is delicious. Cash only. This place does get busy at lunch hours, etc, but the wait itself is probably 10-15 minutes at noon on a Sunday.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thatcher H.', '4', "If you are looking for some delicious and affordable Vietnamese food, Nam Vang is the place to go!  The restaurant is spacious and pretty clean. The menu has a variety of vietnamese food. The food comes out pretty quickly .. so perfect spot when you are in rush.  Food: Number 1: Hu tieu nam vang: get it dry with soup on the side! The noodles have a soy and vinegar sauce with ground pork, shrimp, heart, and liver on top. When you get the dish, add the bean sprouts and celery provided for you on the side. Then add some sriracha and pickled chili. Then mix! The noodles had lots of flavor and definitely hit the spot! They are somewhat stuck together.. but I usually just add a spoonful of soup and ta-da ... it's much easier to mix!  The soup comes with one pork bone. It is clean and simple. It is a perfect little bowl of warm soup.  Chinese donuts: one order is good for two people. I usually order this to dip in the pork bone soup!  Siu Mai: Vietnamese meatball: one order comes with one meatball: these pork meatballs were delicious and moist! Just add some soy sauce and you're good.  - Tip: if you don't like liver and heart, you can ask for the noodles with it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Melissa C.', '3', "My husband loves their #1. The noodles are just right and the flavor is to the point. It came with a side of broth with a piece of pork bone which was very flavorful. We also ordered the Chinese donuts which we didn't like that much as they were cold and stale. The pork dim sum was average. It's our first time here as we passed by San Jose for lunch time. Service is fast and it's the typical Asian service. The place looks e"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny C.', '4', 'I was happy to learn that they hired more people to keep the place tidy. The food was much better than the years before and no roaches were found this time. The tables are cleaned off a bit more which puts me at ease but they should really think about shutting down for one day and deep clean since the walls are clearly sticky with years of food that is splashed on. All in all, we come for the grub and it is a bit like comfort food for the family as well as a great hangover cure with their dry noodle and soup on the side. I wish they had chinese donuts stocked up because it does run out before the day ends and man oh man, when the shumai is fresh it is delectable!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tomo V.', '5', "My number one favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the south bay.  I've been going here for twenty something years.  This place is so delicious and amazing I'm getting hungry thinking about it. Only problem is there sometimes is a wait for a table cause it has a tendency to get packed on weekends and rush hour. And I don't like waiting for this place cause it makes me grumpy. When I'm grumpy, I get hungry. When I'm hungry, I crave for this place. It's a vicious cycle. Actually, better yet. This place sucks, don't go here so that I can have this place all to myself."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Matsuo U.', '4', 'BBQ pork & rice.. with all the usual accompaniments, Hu Tieu and another dish. All were solid Vietnamese renditions. Why can\'t SF have what SJ has in Vietnamese cuisine? Probably for similar reasons that Southern California reviewers proclaim that the food just ain\'t as good as "back home"...with their seemingly endemic comparative restaurant analysis.  Itsa popular joint in a San Jo version of a suburban strip mall. Thought there might be a karmic connection cos they are on Alvin Street, and since I named my first car "Alvin" (of Alvin and the Chipmunks), and if you know who this musical group were, you know how long ago that was...I might even admit to having a collectible vinyl of theirs, but don\'t bother seeking them out on iTunes. Dontcha just love it when something is now referred to as "vintage" when it was ....new ... in your lifetime? Oops, I just noticed that a reviewer proclaimed "I\'ve been coming here since I was a kid...", wow,  when I was a kid this joint was featured in a yet to arrive immigrants dream while they were still in a distant land.  Back to the present. As many loyal reviewing fans report ... it can be a busy place. Good quality food and almost enough service people scurrying around serving, clearing, cleaning tables.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Shawn S.', '1', "The thought of delicious Hu Tieu in the morning will make any Asian remember those mornings when Mom would make a delicious soup and noodle dish for you when you woke up. Well, Mom is now Americanized and no longer makes this so the next best thing is Hu Tieu Nam Vang! Now, I was expecting something completely delicious but my recent experience here has been terrible! We ordered two Hu Tieu Nam Vangs and the Hu Tieu they sold was old and dry! There was barely any sauce in mine and the rice noodles were very dry. The broth that came with is wasn't hot but rather warm/cool.  The Chinese Donut that we ordered it was stale and was obviously from the night before.  The worst part though, was that they charged us for a large bowl when we didn't even order a large. I guess its default for them to give you the expensive choice.  Service was non existent, as with any asian establishment, but the food quality was unacceptable. Everything turned out to 20 bucks for old Hu Tieu and stale Chinese Donuts.  Sad =("]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anny W.', '5', "This restaurant is famous for their Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (Dry Noodle). This is #1 and I always tell them soup on the side *just in case*. I personally like the dry noodles better because there's a lot of flavoring as opposed to having the soup inside the noodle bowl already. In my opinion, that kind of drowns that flavoring... bleh.  The broth on the side comes with a huge ox tail which I find it really good. The dry noodle itself comes with pork liver, shrimps, and other meat.  Their Chinese donut is also very delicious! They're always fresh and crisp. This is a must get as well if you ever stop by.  Parking is a nightmare because of the small Asian plaza this restaurant is located at. I always park on the street where there is PLENTY of parking :)  CASH only too by the way!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lana N.', '4', 'I really love the Hu Tieu and Mi Nam Vang, but it\'s definitely a "hole in the wall" kind of place, so be prepared.  It\'s pretty close by my house so when we are craving it, we just place an order to go.   The service is typical as any other Asian restaurant, nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary.  Once you come in, if there is no wait, they seat you right away and hand you the menu.  Then they\'ll come right back and ask for your order.   I always order the same thing and for the past 5 years, I haven\'t changed it, it\'s always the Hu Tieu Nam Vang and it\'s my favorite.  If you like spicy, definitely get more of their green chili.  It\'s spicy, but goes great with the dish.  I always get mine dry so they give you a side of soup with a bone in it.  The soup is so delicious and I like adding just a little bit in my noodles.   Bring cash, it\'s a Cash Only place!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenn N.', '5', 'Can\'t believe I never wrote a review about this place. Their dry noodles or hu tieu nam vang is the bomb diggity here, but I think it\'s a bit "soy saucy" for my liking, but that don\'t mean I don\'t like it tho. It\'s still pretty good and I am craving it now as I write about it. Ahhs. Oh and you gotta get it with their Chinese donut and a side of this meatball thing. Really goood.. Oh, and like most Asian places around the area, bring cash.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lexie H.', '1', 'Terrible noodle and service. The guy just slam the bowls on the table so rude. The place is so dirty.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vee B.', '4', "Probably one of the most well-known hu tieu places in San Jose. And rightfully so. I always get the hu tieu nam vang kho (without water) and the taste has always been consistent. I've been going here since I was a kid and yup, nothing's changed. The donuts are still crispy and the xiu mai is always juicy. I don't like peas that much, but the xiu mai makes me change my mind.  Nonetheless, parking sucks. You'll be competing for a spot amidst all the guys blowing off work for the Vietnamese coffeeshops or scurrying to feed their black-market fish at the fish store next door. PS: Don't forget to wipe down the utensils........."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eric F.', '4', 'Great stuff and a nice departure from the usual pho.  The hu tieu here come dry with the broth on the side or together and the former had a really tasty sauce already in the noodles.  It was a first for me and my understanding\'s that it\'s a Southeast Asian dish with Cambodian origins.  Regardless, great stuff and absolutely worth trying.  I went with a spicy beef noodle soup myself that also turned out to be a pleasant surprise - the "broth" was peanut-based and hearty without being excessively rich, somewhat like Chinese dan dan mein. Tasty noodles aside, my favorite dish was actually the crazy delicious Spring rolls.  Each one varied slightly from one another, making for a particularly "hand-made" presentation.  The rice noodles, pork, veggies and even the wrapper were all exceptionally fresh and up there with Brodard in my favorites. And like most other places like this, Nam Vang\'s cash only with quick and efficient service.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Terence L.', '2', "I don't understand the hype and fervor this place garners.  The signature dish was only OK.  Service was lacking, at best."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '4', "I've been going to this place ever since I was a kid and the food still tastes great. If you want a quick classic hu tieu dish, this is the place. I always get the hu tieu nam vang kho (dry noodles). I'm not a big broth person so I like mine dry. The noodles come with a few pieces of meat and seafood. The rice noodles are covered in a light brown sauce. Just drooling thinking about it. Definitely a must try!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie T.', '3', "Their hu tieu nam vang is BOMB. I went through a phase of eating it like 4 days in a row. I've tried a few other options off the menu but they aren't as good as the hu tieu bowl. The meatball is delicious too! Can't order one without the other The restaurant is really run down, old and sticky everywhere! It also has an old mildew smell to it when you come inside. One time I witnessed a worker drop the lid to the chili peppers on the floor, pick it back up and put it back on the jar. Super nasty, cause it's pretty dirty. They also have dish soap as their hand washing soap. Then you wonder how bad the kitchen is. Mind over matter!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Johnny L.', '5', "I've been here since I was very young, I'd liked to say that this is probably the spot to go if you want a legit Hu Tieu Mi Nam Vang (special Cambodian rice/egg noodle) This place is a hole in the wall, so dont judge the book by its cover. I tend to get the large hu tieu mi nam vang dry(soup on the side) with a chinese donut, and siu mai (meatball) all 3 of these combination put together will make you feel like you're in another world. This place might not seem as clean but its is good. the only problem about this place is that it accepts cash only, and parking sucks on weekends because this place gets crowded."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nate L.', '5', '"Woohoo!  As good as it gets!" Man, I come here for one thing on their menu:  hu tieu and it comes with soup too.  For under $9, it is delicious and good serving enough so when you come out, you have had a good meal!  This place is a hole in the wall and "divey" but the food is excellent.  Parking can be a challenge during the weekend and during lunch hours so plan accordingly.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana T.', '4', "This restaurant is a small whole in wall place in terms of location that's surprisingly always busy. The parking is pretty limited and parking spaces are pretty tight. I've been coming here since I was a kid and I don't think the interior has changed one bit. In terms of decor and cleanliness, it's that of your typical older asian restaurant. I've tried many things on the items but as of now I just stick to their #1, dry with the soup on the side. Definitively their most popular dish, and a must try."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lu D.', '4', "Best place for Hu Thieu Kho (dried noodles with the broth served separately). This was the first place I ever had HTK at, and has been the best by far.  I've tried several other places over the years, even a place withy he exact same name on Alum Rock near the 280/680 freeway, and nothing comes close to the food here. Every other place makes it either too starchy, too gooey, or just not that good.  Just make sure you you get the HTK here. Once I accidentally ordered another soup dish, and the taste was only so-so.  Tasty add-ins are the Chinese donuts and the Xiu Mai (gigantic meatball in broth)."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joanna S.', '4', '#1 Dry please!!! "Number 1 Dry" is what you need to order. Guys, order a large bowl. It\'s the best bowl of noodles ever, and the best hu teiu you can get anywhere! The sauce is what makes it special. I still can\'t figure out what is in here, but it has soy sauce and some unique flavoring. Pour some of the side soup in it, and eat it with the marinated green chili peppers provided at the table. I\'ve tried other places, but they just don\'t taste the same. Cambodian / Vietnamese owned, these noodles are like nothing you\'ve ever had.  I think that\'s pretty much what anyone would get here, and it\'s what they\'re known for. Nam Vang, you do it right!  PS: Cash only! And if you come in the morning, get suimai! The meatballs, those go quick here too!!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Misha T.', '5', "Great hu tieu. Great cha gio too. I'm still not decided on soup on the side or not but their soup on the side is probably my favorite I've ever had. Also the big ol boney piece of meat in the soup was scrumptious. Next time I'm getting soup in because variety is the spice of cambodian/teo chew/viet noodles."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Erica C.', '4', "A special treat since I rarely go down to SJ.  Lucky for me, Nam Vang was on the way to Monterey and it was early enough to beat the crowds so we decided to stop for early lunch.   As always, parking was a major PITA.  Had to park across the street since I didn't want to waste time waiting for a spot.   Got seated immediately and ordered the dry noodle with soup on the side, chinese donuts, and meatball.  This time around it was less salty and there were plenty of meat on the bone.  It was the perfect lunch to start my weekend.   Service was quick as usual and we were out of there in no time."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tram N.', '4', "My 200th review! Came here with the beau randomly one Wednesday evening and it was super empty. When the lady slowly walked menus over to us and then slowly dropped it on our table and walked away, I instantly knew: another Asian place where one shouldn't expect superb service, or even any. Minus one star.  I got the Hu Tieu Nam Vang Dac Biet (#1 special, most popular dish) and he got the Hu Tieu Tom Cua Xa Xiu (same as #1, but with crab and shrimp & BBQ pork), both dry. I love the flavor and how it's just as good dry as it is wet! The broth is super yummy, so flavorful. I'm a fan if savory dishes & I love sodium so I found the broth to be perfect. The chorizo pork bone they put in the soup is soooo yummy. The only thing I didn't bother eating in my bowl is the liver. D= Obviously they use imitation crab but I'd prefer real crab meat. The beau said the shrimps in his bowl was too fishy for his taste but I didn't think the ones I had were.  In the end, we both finished almost everything and thought it was great.  Cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Celine N.', '3', "Came here first thing in the morning when I landed in SJ and it definitely takes me back to Vietnam. The sauce was nothing special tho... Just shoyu sauce on noodles but the nc lèo was amazing! Definitely coming back here when I'm in SJ"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chris N.', '5', 'Rating - 5 Stars All I have to say is "#1. Hu Tieu Nam Vang (Special Cambodian Rice Noodle) [Dry]". However, I have a HUGE problem with that dish which is... that I wish I had more because it is onnnnn point! If you\'re going to get anything from their menu, get that. It was absolutely delicious. Apparently you can ask for extra noodles so I\'ll probably do that on my next visit. Oh yeah, CASH ONLY!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica H.', '4', 'Mi Nam Vang!! I love dry noodles so this place was delicious!  The doughnuts and siu mai are a necessity for your order, maybe a couple orders of siu mai actually.  The only thing preventing me from coming here more often is the parking.  Parking can get horrendous and sketchy during lunch time.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jasmine N.', '2', "Cheap quick spot to grab a bite. I really had high hope for this place seeing all the amazing reviews but it was a missed experience for sure. The food was just decent - I expected my Hu Tieu to have stronger flavor but it was just sup par. def didn't satisfy my craving.  The restaurant was kind of dirty, I was rly questioning the cleanliness of my utensils and bowl when eating. it's really not comparable to another cambodian noodle place I tried in Long Beach. Overall, I don't think I will come back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'W W.', '3', "We ordered their signature dishes and I have to say all of them were pretty mediocre. Waiters were nice and parking was easy. I wouldn't come back tho. There are so many more other places to try in SJ."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew N.', '3', 'This place is a San Jose institution. But why only three stars? If you think about it they can certainly give you a lot more for the amount of money you pay for. They have a lot of loyal customers so why not value and appreciate them by giving back a little to get a little?']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jeremy T.', '1', "Extremely salty and sweet. Bad customer service - waiter wasn't courteous and seemed angry that he had to serve us. I definitely do not recommend this restaurant."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'An N.', '4', 'The broth here is better than most places. I always leave satisfied.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Klowd W.', '3', 'Best Cambodian noodles dry or wet in NorCal!!  Their small dry noodle portion is pretty small so warning. Comes with side of pork in soup. Their vinegar chili is a must. You also need to try their fried banh lot. Tasted like thick with noodle stir fry but more smokey and starchy. Their sui Mai is ok and Chinese donuts meets standards. Gave this place a 3 avg due to environment and rising prices. Ratings as follows Environment- 2 older set up Food- 4 Price- 3 avg in sj Service- 3 fast n responsive']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Violet N.', '1', 'We came in on a Tuesday lunch hour,  I remember because it was my brother\'s birthday and we wanted something warm. We waddled in and was greet by a young man. He told us we can sit anywhere, so we sat at the closest clean table. A few minutes later, a waitress came to take our order. We waited and waited and finally food came out, not for us.  It was for the table next to us. I wouldn\'t have mind so much if we weren\'t waiting for half an hour, and if we didn\'t come in first. But the other table had five people, and we had four! They also came in 15 minutes after we did.  What\'s the problem?? And so we waited.  30 minutes later.... Irrational portion for a large. We ordered two identical hu tieu khong nuoc. One came out fine, and the other bowl, my mom got two bites out of the noodle before it was gone. We asked the waitress and she started making excuses like," oh we pick the noodle out by hand, it can never be the same amount. " They served my sister chow fun, that had hardly any meat. I got the #1 which was too sweet for the broth.  I added alot of soy sauce.  It\'s really sad because I used to come here a lot as a kid. Now I don\'t even want to step foot back in.  On top of that, we came in and hardly any tables were cleaned, even if customers alway left. Horrible costumer service and unsanitary.  Blah.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brian W.', '4', 'Cash only but you knew that the moment you parked, hell probably when you saw what area you had to go to.  If you grew up in the area, you would be prepared.  Service is like any Asian spot, you walk in you signal how many, and they point to some spot, and you sit. We ordered the hu tieu nam vang and it was delicious, we got the broth on the side and boy was it good.  The noodles were delicious and I thought was flavorful.  I would highly recommend coming here again.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Keith G.', '1', 'Lol 4 stars ya right! this looks like a border line soup kitchen. And the food is average. Unless you speak Chinese I guess no one even tries to talk to you, the staff is deffinatly not happy to be at work.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yvonne L.', '2', "I was expecting amazing hu tieu but it was just alright. Maybe it's because my expectations were so high but I've had much better at other places. On the upside the food came out almost instantaneously from when we ordered and it was relatively inexpensive."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Carissa T.', '4', 'I have been coming here since I was very little, not much has changed. I only come for one thing which is the Kathiew Ko / Phnom Pheng (dry noodle) and I have to say, it hits the spot every time. I just wish that they would change the setting / decor because it gets pretty crammed.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joey B.', '1', "Ordered the Beef Stew with Rice Noodles.  The broth was tasty, though very salty.  The beef in the stew was over cooked, fatty, and grisly, which completely turned me off from the dish.  About 30 minutes after eating here, my GI system wasn't very happy... On top of this, one of the most expensive Vietnamese places I've ever been to."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'T T.', '5', "The best dry noodle on the west coast. Hands down. Don't get anything else here. Just multiple portions of that dish. That is all."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina N.', '4', "Alright, hands down, I cannot find any other hu tieu nam vang place up in San Jose that makes it this good! I come here on a weekly basis, only because I can't seem to get enough of it. However......the FIRST time I came here, I actually really hated it, but not for the food, more like the customer service. What can I expect right? It's not just that, I just think the century old lady at the register has got to be the rudest. Either she hates her life or job, or her coming of age, whatever it is, she is just rude with handling money. She doesn't give you the coins directly, but places on that plastic thing with the receipt, so you'll have to embarassingly grab the coins with your fingers. That's the only reason why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5. I still tip, but I think the person at the register should always directly hand you your change directly on your hands.  BUT, I come here so often with my boyfriend that the other lady knows us so well. She knows our order and recognizes us, very friendly. The dry noodle hu tieu is SUPER good! All the flavors are just blend so well because it doesn't taste too vietnamese, or too chinese, it has a good sauce. The chinese donuts and se-mi is definitely a must get, and I like how it does not have many green peas in it. I also like that the noodles are clump together, but easy to break apart. Some places make their noodles impossible to break apart. Overall, awesome place, but don't let the bad service make you too grumpy!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yvon D.', '4', "I came here to try the famous Hu Tieu Kho, wasn't blown away. The size small was really small, it didn't even get me full. The sauce was kind of like sweet soy sauce, nothing special. I've had better, but it was in SoCal so I guess this is the best in the area. However, I would come back since I have yet to find one better in the Bay."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joe M.', '3', "After a proper few unspeakable hours of hanging out and staring at mostly naked chicks, we needed to get some grub in us.  My buddy suggested some Cambodian food and we headed over to Nam Vang and fill up on some noodles. Expecting a noodle soup like what my dad used to make, I ordered their #1 special hu tieu.  Instead of the thick noodle soup I had hoped for, I received a sad bowl of thin noodles soaked in soy sauce and a bowl of bone soup.  By themselves, the noodles were really salty and kind of boring.  Combining the soup with the noodles helped a little bit but because it wasn't what I had expected, I had difficulty really getting into them. Even if I had meant to order what I got, I still thought it was sort of a boring dish.  I don't think it was horrible, it just didn't appeal to me and the portion sizes were small to boot.  On the bright side, it was pretty cheap, but next time I'd prefer to get myself a big bowl of pho instead. Food: 5/10 Service: 5/10 Price: $ Atmosphere: 5/10"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Holly L.', '4', "Love the food here, I can't wait to come back for more! Oh the guy that took our orders and brought us our food aren't that friendly."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kelly T.', '4', "Hu tieu nam vang dried is the best way to go when you're here! Get a side of the Chinese donuts too and dip it in the soup they give you on the side. It's phenomenal.  The meatballs are just ehh.. Service is whatever. And I think it's cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angela C.', '4', "Nam Vang is one of my favorite restaurants for Hu Tieu and Xiu Mai!  The restaurant itself isn't the cleanest or the friendliest... It isn't even in the safest area... but who cares? Food is good! The parking sucks because it's such a small plaza but you can park along side of the streets and walk to the restaurant. For appetizers, I order the Xiu Mai with chinese donuts. Add a little soy sauce and chili to the Xiu Mai's broth and it's perfect and ready to be eaten with the chinese donut. I usually get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang with the rice noodles and soup. You could also get the bowl dry and it comes with a small bowl of soup on the side. But whatever you choose, don't forget to ask for the fried shrimp cake to complete your meal! Add a few chilis they have on the table to spice up your meal too! Overall, if you're craving Hu Tieu this place is pretty good. It's usually very busy on weekends so come early! I believe this place is cash only so come with those dollar bills!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rose N.', '4', "This little restaurant is by far my favorite place to go eat whenever I'm in town. I can never get sick of the food.  With that being said, let me start my review.  First off, the parking lot is relatively small considering how many shops are in the plaza. Not only that, it's pretty packed due to the coffee shop that's located a few store down. I always have a difficult time trying to find parking, but I got lucky today.  I always order the same thing, which is a small hu tieu nam vang kho. It comes with a side of soup with a beef bone. The soup tends to be slightly salty each time I drink it, but that's how I like it, so I'm not complaining. The hu tieu is delicious -- rich in flavor and it comes with 2 shrimps, 1 piece of squid/calamari, 1 piece of pork liver, and other meat. Make sure to mix the noodles well because the sauce tends to be on the bottom. Also, I always order siu mai which are meat balls. They are delicious the first few bites, but by the last two, you kind of get tired of eating it.. Haha, still good though!  This place only accepts cash, so remember to bring them green paper. The check is pretty cheap. We got 2 small hu tieu, 1 large hu tieu, 2 siu mai, and tea for 4 and the total bill was only 25 dollars. So cheap! But remember, they charge for tea!  The only thing I dislike about this place is the fact that it's SO HOT. I mean, there's no windows for the air to come in and they ALWAYS keep the door close... Really now...? There's no fans or air conditioning, so half way eating my food, I was sweating left and right.. Pretty gross, I know. But overall, I will definitely come back to this place the next time I'm in town!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica K.', '3', 'MEHHH..this place is OK at best. Got the cambodian dry noodle combo (#1?) and to be honest I came here with high expectations. Unfortunately I was let down with the lack of flavor in the dish. The soup on the side was good; they gave a lot of meat and the flavor of the broth was good. Butttt, the noodle was just okay. Also this place only accepts cash..we had to run across the street to get money out of an ATM at a liquor store.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gray P.', '1', "This is the most shitty place to come to eat. Waited for 20' and people came after got served 1st. Those people in here are literally too stup*d."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Calvin W.', '4', "#1 dry is the way to go! So many locals know and love this place. I don't get to visit often, but every trip to the Southbay means I'll be at Nam Vang. Great for groups wanting a casual setting and tasty eats!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tigerlily T.', '4', "Visiting a relative in San jose. Came all the way from long beach, and I am Vietnamese  and Cambodian so I've had my fair share of Asian food, all kinds of Asian food.  First time here, my uncle took me. Had the #1 dry noodles, soup on side, Chinese donut. Definitely  the best khmer version of these noodles. Not overpowered by endless amounts of garlic."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristee L.', '1', "This place is good but really bad customer service!!!! Rude waitress and the people who came after us got their orders, & we didn't even get our water"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lillian T.', '4', "Bumped it up to four stars because of their Cambodian Chow Fun :) It's New Years and there's still a lot of people even though its 2:00pm. I guess I prefer their dry dishes over their soups."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'D. T.', '2', "Food is great here. Service, on the other hand is hilarious.  You've got the mama, who look like she's angry.  You've got the greasy angry skinny dude with long hair.  You've got the other dude, who looks like he might be nice but he's angry too.  When they come take your order, they're straight ANGRY.   Still, I keep going back because the food is good.   There is ONE lady there, younger, who is pretty nice.  But haven't seen her working in a while... maybe they fired her cuz she wasn't ANGRYYYYY grrrr"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Laurie W.', '4', "This is my second time here I got the number 1, special Cambodian pho noodle thing....I learned my lesson and you have to get that with the soup on the side, I think it's the best way to go on this!  The first time I had it with the soup, I didn't like it The noodles come with some kind of sauce, I wouldn't call it hosin, it's something else and it's very sticky so you gotta stir it quickly, use some of the soup on the side to help! It comes with pork, shrimp, some type of beef thing, and another ground meat.  I like it with just a bit of the soup to help not make it so sticky.  The soup comes with the bone piece with some meat still in there.  It's a type of beef soup but nothing like pho soup if that helps explaining it.  I like it with some Chinese donut Ill come back for it again if I'm in the area and not wantin pho..."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chas A.', '4', "Wow! This place makes me loooove eating noodles! I had the dry yellow noodles and it was very flavorful. With the broth soup on the side with the Chinese donuts, it all just filled me up happily. It was all very tasty that my son, who happens to be a very picky eater, couldn't stop eating his bowl of noodles. As for service and overall look of the place- don't be quick to judge from the outside, it's not much and service is not great (they seriously just take your order and deliver your food), but with the noodles and food items tasting so good, it doesn't really matter. You will notice that there's a line during lunch time and the place is pretty small and tight, but it's definitely worth the wait if you haven't been here and if you want to have some of their tasty noodle dishes! I will be back for sure to try their Hu Tieu noodles!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim T.', '1', 'We went back there to enjoy "Hu Tieu Nam Vang" as we thought it is good one that we tried 8 years ago.  Pretty disappointed.  It turned out the service was bad and the food was worser than what we expected before we came Walked in to be guided to the right side of the restaurant.   Had seats next to other family.  The restaurant is crowded as they set many tables and chairs so close Waited for about 1 mins to place an order but 15 mins to get the food.  The waiter didn\'t bring enough the "bean sprout" so I have to waive my hand to signal that I needed the service. After 5 mins I could get a hold from a lady who tried to set up the table for  the customers. in.  She looked so busy that I asked if I could get more bean sprout. She said "she can" the walked away. I was waiting for another 5 mins but nothing came as promised. I ended up getting the food that has been hot down as it should Walked up to pay.  I paid cash after making some complaint with the owner.  BAD SERVICE EVER! DON"T TR No reason to repeat.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joanne Y.', '3', "I got the seafood rice noodle soup. I think I may have ordered wrong because it wasn't all that good to me. The broth was good but the seafood wasn't really what I was looking for. I was expecting the seafood to be like the ones you get at Dalat. But I should've known every restaurant has a different vision of what seafood is. But even the imitation crab tastes really weird. The service wasn't that great either. Had to ask for water and even then servers would forget to bring things. Not sure if I would come back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jay J.', '4', "All time favorite place for Hu Tieu Nam Vang. Chinese doughnut and meatball are excellent as well. This is another restaurant that I've been going to for over 20 years.  Always fast and friendly service. Too bad it's cash only. I would like to have the option to use a credit or debit card. Parking is near impossible during the lunch time hours. I want to eat here so bad that I'll park across the street at Chuck E Cheeses. The 5-10 minute walk is well worth it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sau y.', '2', "It's ok. I would say none of the food is memorable. The #1 (hu tieu nam vang) dry was decent, but drenched in soy sauce. The #6 is a beef in spicy sauce version of hu tieu wasn't really spicy, but tasted like a strong thick peanut soup with cucumbers, meat and noodles. It wasn't good. We ordered smalls, but they charged us for larges.  I'd like to give them 2.5 stars, but rounded down for the overcharge.  Some people LOVE the hu tieu here, but I'd say THAO TIEN off Story Road is way better :) Usually."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '5', 'Been going to place for years and no one can replicate their famous dry noodles!!  Their dry noodles with chinese donuts and meat ball is a must every time we eat here.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim N.', '5', "BEST DIRED NOODLES IN THE BAY AREA!!! Even thought I don't get to eat at this place every other week like I want, the consistantly of their noodle is the same each time I come here. Must get the hue tieu nam vang with a side of Chinese donut and meat ball! All that combine in one bowl will make your mouth water like those beautiful waterfall in hawaii. Service is quick because they want you to eat and leave so they can seat more people! Lines get long on weekends and during lunch time so arrive before or after to avoid the craziness! Good luck finding parking but it is well worth the wait I promise!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Melany R.', '4', 'I give this place a 5/5 for the food, -1 star because of the service... Went here yesterday with my friend and as soon as we got there, chairs were on the table and the workers were sweeping/mopping the floor. I thought they were getting ready to close the restaurant but nope, they were just cleaning away while other people were still eating. NASTY. Imagine all the dust and other things flying around in your food... We just got seated and the guy was already waiting on us for our order... Give us at least 2 minutes at least! Decided to just eat here because they really do have good food. We both got #1 Hu tieu, dry. Super flavorful! Cash only.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Son V.', '2', "First impression, people working in their took the trash out in the front entrance where people enter and eat! 2nd impression, i counted only 3 slices of pork in the bowl, and very interesting that it's not even the right meet for H Tiu nc, the soup is not the flavor of bone but a lot of monosodium glutamate powder, you can tell because I drank a lot of water after eating . 3rd impression, the eggrolls were full of oil, one bite and that's it, no need to put that much of oil in my body, when I'm not even sure the quality of oil. I grew up and lived in Vietnam for 18 years, i know how H Tiu tastes like and what it looks like, unfortunately this place doesn't know what they cook and how it tastes like! Definitely not recommended"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dany B.', '4', ':) Cambodian style noodle soup? .... haha sure, you can call it pho, as most anyone else who sees me eating it will surely call it. I love the service, it\'s fast, it\'s friendly, it\'s clean!  Haha, seriously, I don\'t have people carrying a tray burdened with hot broth yelling that it\'s HOT HOT HOT ... it\'s enough space for them to manauver without fear of \'crap, he\'s gonna spill it on me!\' I enjoy the liver in my noodle soup, I actually prefer the liver than the large bone marrow & meat. I usually order the #1 small, I usually get the one large bone, 2 pieces of meat, 2 shrimps, a piece of squid & one slice of liver :( I think I will prefer it to be all liver and ask that of them next time. I am a little confused why we only get one piece of bite sized squid, LITERALLY, it\'s ONE piece of BITE-SIZED squid. Small bowl $6.25 Large bowl $6.95 - price wise it\'s not bad! Personally I was offended that the person bringing the bowls would automatically assume the larger one of 4 ladies would be the one who orders a large bowl and places it in front of me without asking -_-". Hurtful, and extremely wrong. I didn\'t even finish my small bowl I ordered either. Skinny little man, stop judging and assuming! I have had their deep fried pork intestines a few years back, but everytime I tried to order it, they always say that they\'re all out no matter what time of day I went :( So i no longer asked for it, but it was deliciously crispy! I\'ve also had the fried rice from them, it\'s not as greasy as other restaurants when I get my large platter of it. There really isn\'t a fried rice size to be ordered, just know that one order is enough to feed a table of 2-3. I like that there\'s so much green onions in the fried rice :D lots of still crispy crunchy green onions that hasn\'t been overly cooked or wilted. I also get the thai tea (served from a bottle you pour into an iced cup yourself), the fresh squeezed orange juice (they will ask if you\'d like sugar added to it), and the French drip coffee (warning, please order this 15-20 minutes prior to you wanting to drink it, it drips that slow, it steeps that long) Parking is a hassel, I\' ve had people yell at me to move my car when I am signaling to park at a space that\'s about to be unoccupied. I park pretty far from where I need to be so I can back out quick and easy, but there are the on-the-parking-space-line-parkers and the ones who swings their doors wide open to do some damage to your side of the car...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'J B.', '2', 'I tried out this place due to the 4 stars on yelp. I learned a 4 star in this area is from people in the area that have never been to a real 4 star place. The place is dirty and old with plastic bags for window coverings. The food is below average.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Calla N.', '1', "Bad service no matter how good the food is!!! I have never come to any place having bad service like this place even though I've tried to come back so many times. They are so rude and disrespectful to customers all the time!!! Never never never come back anymore!!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julie N.', '5', 'Service is great. Food is great. Price is great. Will I be back? Only for the 500th time, hail yeuh']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Randy L.', '3', "This place has good noodles but it's not quite Hu Tieu Nam Vang as I'm used to having back in VN. For one thing, this restaurant uses soy sauce which is not an ingredient in Hu Tieu Nam Vang. The taste was more chinese than vietnamese or cambodian which this dish is native to. Though not truly Hu Tieu Nam Vang but this place deserves good rating for their quite delicious noodle dishes."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Melissa P.', '5', 'My favorite noodle house in the Bay Area. Great Chinese donuts and "meatballs" excise my lack of vietnamese/Cambodian lingo. Fast and the mi is to die for.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'May N.', '5', "This is the best place for hu tieu! I prefer hu tieu kho (dry). When it is dry, it comes with sauce and soup on the side. The hu tieu with soup is good too, but it is amazing when it is dry because of the sauce that is in it if it's ordered dry.  The hu tieu dry is super tasty! The portions are not that big, but it's filling enough for me. My male friends might need a snack or dessert afterwards to get really full. We also get the Chinese donut sometimes.  My friends like it a lot, but it's just okay to me. We also sometimes get the su mai, which is also okay. We mainly come here just for the hu tieu. I tried hu tieu at many other Vietnamese restaurants, and no where comes close to this place!  The service is okay. They take your order and get it to you fast. And that's pretty much all. I don't expect anything more than that. Overall, try the hu tieu dry! No frills at this place, just good hu tieu."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Duy P.', '1', 'The foods is good but you guy should Never Never try the "soy milk". They name it "Fresh" but it NOT. I\'m bring it to the owner to ask them "wth going on with the soy milk" she just call the waiter bring it to back door to put on the trash without explain or any sorry for the "heck soy milk". What is the restaurant with 4 star. Danit. Never come back.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ashley N.', '4', "Mmm..... Nam Vang is my definition of comfort food.  (At least when my parents are too lazy to make hu tieu themselves at home) +I always get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho. I like it better with ONLY rice noodles, but you can get both rice and egg noodles.  +Broth comes either with noodles or in a separate bowl. Sometimes they have some marrow (or maybe some other meat piece, not sure) inside the separate bowl if you come early enough/ if there hasn't been enough customers that day.  +Don't forget to order some chinese donuts to dip in the broth! Parking can be annoying, especially on the weekends.. there always seems to be an abundance of cars in the plaza thanks to the nearby coffee shops.  Although to be fair, I haven't been in a while .. so maybe that's not the case anymore.  CASH ONLY!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yean L.', '4', 'Pros: 1. There are lot of food that I like. 2. They are friendly. 3. They provide good services; first come first serve. 4. They provide good quantity with a reasonable price. Con: 1. There are narrow aisles between tables. 2. They accept only cash. 3. There are not suffient parking spaces. 4. You may wait out side when there were full of clients.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hayne P.', '5', "Everyone here eats the as hu tieu. It's kind of to the point where the waiters give you the menu out of formality and don't really expect you to order anything else, so they give you the menu and then straight away ask you what you want to order. Without giving you time to look at the menu.  Order the noodles dry. They give you the soup on the side, and you get the meat and bone it is on! SO DELICIOUS! I usually put in a few spoonfuls of broth in my noodles to help separate them from each other and make it easier to eat. The siu mai meatball thingey is pretty good too. Boyfriend says that this place makes the most awesome soy milk ever. However, each time we come in, we are thinking too deeply about eating hu tieu that we forget to get it. Booo... come on, he's been eating here for YEARS, how can he forget to order that drink every single time we come in? SADFACE. Also, I don't remember if they speak English here. My boyfriend orders in Vietnamese every time we come.  Cash only, and parking can be tricky sometimes."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle N.', '5', 'I love this place so much that reading the bad reviews make me really sad. One of my first memories at a restaurant was here, when I was like 6 years old and the kid at the table next to me wasn\'t eating his food and his mom pointed to me and said "Look at her, she\'s eating all her food like a good girl! Why can\'t you do that?" (That\'s still basically the only thing anyone ever applauses me for..)  The only thing to get here is the #1, DRY! It makes a big difference, trust me. The broth comes out on the side and you get to pour it little by little onto your noodles. I like to just pour a few spoonfuls in and then sip it as I eat it. The pickled green peppers here are SO ADDICTING and go together with the hu tieu quite nicely. Plus one order of chinese donuts and there\'s a perfect meal if I ever ate one. When I\'m far away from home, I go to other restaurants and order hu tieu nam vang in hopes of getting a taste of this place, but there\'s just something unique about the dish here that cannot be replicated anywhere. I will always love this place no matter how dirty it is or how bad the service is! (seriously though, it ain\'t that bad. Get off your high horse and just come here to enjoy the best bowl of hu tieu ever.)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle V.', '1', "Very disappointing. I have given this place three tries because I don't like to write bad reviews but never had I been so dissapointed with Hu tieu. HOW can you mess up on the broth?! Plus, it specializes in Hu Tieu too. The dry noodle hu tieu is my preference over the one w the broth but when it came out, they didn't even give us a plate of bean sprouts & greens. The broth that was on the side(since it was the dry noodle version, broth comes on the side) was very BLAND! It was like they added a lot of water to the broth. Hu tieu is supposed to be served w Hu tieu noodles or clear noodles. However, pho noodles are what you get because it's a lot cheaper than Hu tieu noodles.  My friend found a fly in her regular Hu tieu noodles. And we were out of there. DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hitashi D.', '3', 'Just meh ! We ordered the #1 and Lemongrass chicken with Rice. Nothing was exceptional, just average. Service was rushed as in most of family run restaurants.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gayle G.', '5', "I've lived in San Jose my whole life and no one ever told me about Nam Vang and how good it was! Came here on a quick date a week ago. The server spoke to me first in Vietnamese and my date had to order for me since I don't speak the language. lol He ended up ordering Hu Tieu Nam Vang for the both of us and told me it was really good. I had no idea what it was, but it was great. The order comes with chinese donuts that you can dip in the broth and a bowl of dry noodles that are seasoned very well. I usually never finish my food at places like this cause the serving sizes are too big for me but I finished my whole meal here. Definitely coming back in the future!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tri N.', '5', "I have been going here since I was a little kid. This restaurant here is my mom's favorite place to go to whenever you go to San Jose. We always go twice a month to his place every weekend we will drive one hour to get up here. I use you order the special but the dry version of it my mom order the special but the wet version.  He brought here is amazing feels very fresh, warm and replenishing. Today I went with a friend if you always see friends at this place is very popular place / on the weekends parking is terrible but if you find parking and great. The service great, but remember to bring cash."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'L K.', '2', "The dry noodles ( Cambodian style noodles) taste pretty good there, but the Restauant is pretty dirty there and the service is horrible and there's always a wait. I highly recommend doing take out. And there's hardly any parking spaces."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mai H.', '4', 'If you want a delicious yet inexpensive place for lunch this is it! I always order the hu tieu nam vang with extra liver on the side.  Their stir fried think white noodles with sate is the bomb. Credits card only accepted $20+.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lan D.', '1', 'This place is one of those rare misses on Yelp. The only reason I came into here was because of the positive Yelp reviews. I\'ve otherwise never set foot in the plaza.  Came in looking for noodles. The place is a bit dirty and unkempt - not in an unsanitary way per se - just is a way that reminds me of how Vietnamese restaurants used to be in the late 80s, when my family would eat out on weekends and go grocery shopping as well. Vietnamese restaurants have assimilated a bit more since then, and cleaned up a bit to attract non-Vietnamese customers. This place clearly isn\'t concerned about that. I caught myself momentarily feeling uncomfortable, but then chastised myself for being so "weak", as this is the sort of place I used to frequent when I was growing up. I ordered a bowl of Nam Vang noodles, with clear noodles. They asked me if I wanted meatballs. I have never been asked that before when eating at a Vietnamese restaurant. But I said sure. They brought out a giant pork meatball that really does nothing to complete the bowl of noodles. In fact, it\'s the type of meatball that you\'re supposed to have on a banh mi sandwich. I thought it was so odd. And in fact it didn\'t even taste good. So really, it was just a way to charge me more money. As for the bowl of noodles, it was horrible. Not in a disgusting way, but in the way that clearly shows that no consideration was put into making it. The flavors were off. It was basically warm broth with noodles. I was actually pretty upset, and I am forgiving of a lot when eating in Vietnamese restaurants.  Cannot recommend this place at all.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Daisy T.', '4', "Yummy Cambodian noodles! This place is definitely a hole in the wall, but every Vietnamese person seems to know about it. It's not the cleanest place but maybe that's why it tastes so good. =P They offer an array of Vietnamese dishes, but everyone comes here for their hu tieu nam vang (Cambodian style rice noodle soup). You can get the same dish with yellow egg noodles if you don't like rice noodles. The key to the dish is the salty and slightly sweet sauce, but you only get this if you order the noodles dry (soup on the side). It comes with squid, shrimp, pork and liver. A pork bone with lots of tender, flavorful bits of meat comes with the side of soup. Make sure you mix the noodles well before eating it. Put a little bit of the soup to loosen up the noodlest The hu tieu nam vang is totally different if you order it wet (mixed with soup). It's packed with salty goodness. I'll switch back and forth between dry and wet when I come here to eat. Just depends on my mood. Also, don't forget to order a plate of Chinese donut to dip in your soup. I can't get enough of that fried goodness! Many people seem to order the sui mai (Vietnamese meatball) here, but I think it tastes better at Mi La Cay. You can also eat this with your plate of Chinese donut. This place is definitely worth a try for you noodle soup lovers out there."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katie T.', '3', 'The Hu Tieu here is pretty good but it is not that great to point making me wanna return. Restaurant looked old and dirty. Everything felt icky. Servers were terrible. They seemed careless and hated their jobs. The soup was on point and no sign of MSG. Xiu Mai was cold and oily.  San Jose has many great Hu Tieu place that I rather go to.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Maria N.', '2', 'Cash only. Food was ok. We got Hu Tieu Nam Vang and the sauce the noodle was a bit sour.. This is before we squeezed the lemons. The broth was alright. F & D Yummy restaurant on alum rock has better huu tieu  Not baby friendly. They did not have high chairs here, we usually flip those over to put the car seat onto off it.  The waitress told us to put our car seat sideways and to pressed the chair against the table.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Silvia L.', '3', "I love the food . Been eating here since I was young. Customer service has changed I don't like it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'James L.', '4', "I've been coming here for years now. This place is great when im hungover. i always feel refreshed and alive again after a meal here. Its gets pretty busy in the morning, but you wont have to wait long if you don't mind sharing a big table with another group. i always thought that was funny. parking can be a hassle at times. my recovery food: number 1. hieu tieu nam vang (dry) Chinese doughnut (no meatball) large bowl of ox tail"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'K. M.', '2', 'My family and I have been enjoying Nam Vang for over twenty years. The yellow egg noodles with soup on the side is top-notch. While the food deserves closer to 4 stars, the customer service leaves a lot to be desired. My husband decided to order some soup to go, to share with his friend in the East Bay. The older lady behind the counter tried to overcharge him, at least by $10, for only 2 soups and a Thai iced coffee for over $30. The total should have been closer to $20. He is not Asian (Caucasian)  and was treated differently than other customers. Shady business practices especially for a well-established place that has a loyal following. Another time, I payed for extra meatballs and did not receive them. I have received better customer service from the younger lady at the register. Check your receipts and (I am sad to say this but) make sure someone Asian orders to get items at the correct price.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Paul B.', '4', 'Nestled in a humble strip mall, just at the border of San Jose\'s Little Saigon neighborhood, sits a truly unique cultural gem, Nam Vang Restaurant. Walking into Nam Vang, you will feel seamlessly transported from South-East San Jose to South-East Asia. Cash only...as is to be expected with this sort of joint. I didn\'t have enough to fit the bill, so the waiter directed me to the "coffee shop" at the other end of the strip mall. Like in the Netherlands,  "coffee shop" is code for something entirely different in Vietnamese-American culture. I\'ll let your imagination do the rest; but, let\'s just say it was a very unique trip to the ATM We ordered the Cambodian Rice Noodles -- a dish that Nam Vang is known for. The original Cambodian Rice Noodles have some "bizarre" food components. The standard noodle dish (Item #1) comes with seasoned noodles, shrimp, pork, pork liver, pork heart, and pork bone boiled in the soap base which was served DIY style. The heart and liver weren\'t all that bad -- and that is coming from someone who hasn\'t touched anything beyond a pork broth in at least a decade. I ordered the seafood version of the soup which was basically the same thing without the pork and, in it\'s place, a few extra varieties of seafood added in. We received a complimentary plate of "chinese donuts" which tasted like a cross between a croissant and a bread crust. These were delicious on their own but also served as a great dipper for soaking up the left over soup broth (which you will probably have very little of by the time you are done). For a solid taste of Cambodia in California, it\'s hard to go wrong at Nam Vang. While I am by no means an expert on Cambodian cuisine, nor am I truly learned on the Little Saigon scene, I have a strong inclination that one would be hard pressed to find a better Cambodian experience in the region.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Krystal N.', '4', "I wrote my first review for Nam Vang in 2007 and I still love it just as much! This place is the definition of a hole in the wall hidden gem! So delicious! I've taken many of my friends here and they all like it as well.  Their hot soy milk is good here too so try that out next time if you're into soy milk!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda T.', '3', "I'm here often. Because is one of my hangover food. Everytime I order the dry noodle I end up eat it all not leaving the bowl clean and clear. But what I love the most is their condiment pepper. Omg I can literally eat almost the whole jar of it. But the service as everyone know is horrible. I think is just an Asian thing lol. Don't get me wrong I'm Asian too but same like most Asian restaurant server hated their job."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Neil N.', '4', "The place looks shady as hell and only takes cash, but you taste their food and you're hooked. I don't think I've had Hu tieu this good in years. If you're just judging by food alone, this is easily five stars."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Meemee T.', '4', 'My bf took my friend and I here for the first time last December. It was my first time ever hearing about "dry noodle".. And I\'ve got to say that #1 is the only number you need to know. Wet or dry (with soup or soup on the side), with Chinese donut (oily stick as my bf calls it), and an order of xui mai.. is the way to start your day. IMO, both ways are equally delicious. I have tried their Cambodian beef chowfun before but it\'s nothing out of the norm.  The broth is clear and not oily.. and very flavorful. I add nothing to the broth, but maybe black pepper. Oh, and you must eat your meal with the pickled peppers. Yummo!!!!   Definitely recommended. And the service.... Let\'s just say, you\'re solely there for the food.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amber H.', '4', "Hu tieu nam vang kho  Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Another childhood favorite . I always get it with the soup on the side so I can enjoy the soft meat falling off the bone into my soup.  The small seems like it never fills me up so I've learn my lesson and order a large since I finish my food before everyone else lol  The only downside to this place is that it's cash only and sometimes I don't get enough sauce/ meat but other than that YUM!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cici L.', '5', "This is an over due review I've been going here for over 10 years and this place still makes the best  dry noodle ! I recommend number 1 (nam vang kho) dry style. With a side of Chinese donuts  to mix in! This place also has chicken alternative as well. The soy sauce mixture they have in there is so good and no other hu tieu place can top! This is not a fancy restaurant but the hu tieu is amazing and I'd go here over any fancy restaurant . Warning hu tieu here is addicting."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'James N.', '2', "I fail to see the desire for their signature dish. My girlfriend and I came here after we saw a friend of ours post a picture of it on Instagram. We've seen it quite often but never really tried that particular order. Should have went some where else. It came out smelling and looking amazing. As soon as the noodles hit my taste buds, I had to drown it in whatever sauce I could  find on the table. It was SO BLAND! For noodles that had that much sauce on it, it had no flavor at all. I was really disappointed. 2 Stars."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynn L.', '5', 'I was introduced to this place a year ago, and I still love this place as much as when I first had it.  We never have to look at the menu.  Order #1 hieu tieu with soup on the side, squeeze lime juice, scoop a few of those skinny yellow peppers and you get one happy ass girl name Lynae.  Oh and it helps that this place is close to the cheap nail polish store that I love to go to.  But... back to the noodles yeah its delicious!  Their soup on the side also has fall off the bone meat!  Mmm yummy...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khoa N.', '3', 'the food here is always good going in but also painful when coming out. The service here is a fast pace hurry and order type of place. they just want you in and out. the lines are always long here on the weekends. trying to find parking here is always a pain. i dont know why i keep coming back here.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Veronica C.', '4', "Ooh yea, my experience today was better this time around. I decided to order something different, and went with the small spicy beef noodle soup (the #11, $6), and an iced coffee($3).  Our group of 8 took a while to look at the menu, but the waiter was really patient and also carefully explained some of the options to us. After some of us ordered the number 11, he came back to make sure we were okay that the soup was going to be this spicy peanut curry sauce (I guess to warn anyone with peanut allergies).  The food came out fairly quickly (although the #11s took a bit longer), and then the drinks followed after. My friend's Thai Ice Tea came from a bottle, so that was a bit disappointing, but my iced coffee was totally YUM. Though it took FOREVER for the coffee to drip out of the filter, it was still worth the wait. It had a fairly strong bitter taste of the coffee at first, followed by the sweetness of the condensed milk towards the end.  The small size noodle portion for me was pretty satisfying. I wasn't completely full, but it felt just right. And the broth didn't have too strong of a peanut flavor. It also didn't seem too spicy at first, but as I kept eating and drinking the soup, it kept getting harder and harder to drink the soup without having a runny nose! Definitely look forward to coming back here to try some other dishes."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trinity T.', '4', 'This restaurant has been here for so long! I literally grew up with this restaurant, over time it has lost a lot of its "Authentic" taste in my opinion! But nevertheless people will ALWAYS come because it\'s been here for so long and well, it\'s actually good.  Every time I come I always get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang dry small, I always have to specify size because they will ALWAYS give you the large.. .. kind of a way to ring up your bill not like it makes a big difference but I can never finish the large! So a waste of food and also a waste of 1-2 dollars! (;  Continuing, Small Hu Tieu Nam Vang dry, extra cup of ground beef on the side, Chinese Donut, steamed Snow Peas and lastly Coconut juice.  Reason why I gave it four stars the flavored is a lot more better than a lot of restaurants the only part I do not like about this place is It\'s very small, and it feels kind of dirty and looks like it can be fixed up A LOT.  The food is very flavorful but it has A LOT of M S G and a lot of oil in it, usually is eat this once a month on a Sunday with the family and usually afterwards I am pretty lazy to function.  Please try this place don\'t pass up on it, it\'s a great place to go to but I\'m trying to be healthy so I would prefer it once in a while.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bernardo S.', '5', 'Ill keep this short. From day one when my bestfriend took me here until this day. My bestfriend regrets taking me here because this place is where i always wanted to eat. I love eating nam vang morning or for dinner. Even when im away from California i try ordering nam vang and nothing nothing compares to this place. I recommend trying this place. Happy eating']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eric F.', '4', 'Number 1 no liver or heart Definitely get their meatballs Chinese donuts dipped in pork bone soup  Authentic Vietnamese food. Real delicious and probably my favorite Vietnamese meatballs!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Troy S.', '4', "I've been here once and I loved it. I'll be back again soon. Authentic Chinese/Vietnamese food. Check this place out! Two thumbs up!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Serry T.', '3', "The only reason I come back to this place is because the Hu Tieu is so good, and it's hard to find a place that makes it so well when most SJ restaurants specialize in Pho or Bun Bo Hue.  The service here is probably worse than any other typical Asian place. Which is pretty bad because I never have high standards for these places. One of the guys is really really rude. They pretty much only take your order, drop off food and drinks, and then you'll never see them again. Never any refills and you literally have to flag them down for minutes if you want to order more."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Herbert R.', '5', "I have been to this place multiple times and it always makes me crave for more every time my friends and I come here. It is a bit out of the way to go here but it is well worth it. Like other fellow Yelper's advice, if you come here early enough, you beat the crowds and you get to park close by. Come here early, you can get seated right away. I always get the Cambodian dry noodle. It comes with a bowl of soup with bones that comes with meat that is very tender and just falls off the bone. You can order a side of shu mai and Chinese donut to go with as a pair to the dry noodle.  I don't come here on a regular basis but it is well worth the drive if I am craving for their famous Cambodian dry noodle."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Denise H.', '5', 'The best hu teiu in the area! really fast service and they accept cards! A must go place!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Neal C.', '2', 'Stopped in hoping for some delicious Cambodian food,  but honestly I was pretty disappointed. The flavor in the Hu Tieu (stir fried) just wasn\'t there. It was a bland experience overall. Too much oil and no flavor... Basically had to rely on Sriracha and their Chili sauce to provide some taste.  I also had the spring rolls with "peanut sauce" which were pretty lacking as well. Two pieces of shrimp in the spring roll to go with overwhelming amounts of vermicelli noodles. The meal just had little balance. Unfortunately I won\'t be returning. The service is friendly, prices aren\'t low or high, and the place is cash only.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thuong D.', '4', "is it just me.. or did the size of the portions take a big hit?  i always get the hu tieu nam vang kho with soup on the side. all the flavors are at the bottom of the bowl so make sure to mix well! after giving myself a few seconds to get over how small the portion is compared to back then.. i dig in and don't look back. no regrets."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Louie P.', '5', "The best hu tieu nam vang in San Jose!! But they also make other food. This fish is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes!!!! It's so good here so authentic! Come early for shu Mai and and Chinese donuts!!!! Great any time of day! Ac is blasting now!!!! It's hot outside but we can still eat in comfort!!! I absolutely love this place!!!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joseph L.', '4', 'If you\'re looking for some quick, authentic Viet-Cambodian noodles for a good price, look no further! Definitely get "hu tieu nam vang" if it\'s your first time here! You won\'t be disappointed! The broth here is really delicious and the noodles here are perfectly cooked as well! If you haven\'t had hu tieu nam vang before, it\'s served with a wide type of noodle, perfect for slurping! There\'s a generous pork bone along with some pieces of meat and seafood served with your bowl of noodles.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy S.', '4', 'Love this place, except they always run out of Chinese donuts so that makes me sad. Gotta keep coming early to beat the crowd !']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim D.', '5', "I stand by my sentiment in that this place serves one of the best bowl of noodles EVER.  I should be ashamed as I'm Vietnamese and I love this noodle dish more than pho (I believe the origins of hu tieu nam vang is actually from Cambodia...thanks Cambodia!) I was born and raised in San Jose and have moved to multiple places in the past few years.  Every time I return I have to have a stop here.  Their hu tieu nam vang kho (dry) is a dish I find myself constantly craving.  I've lived 7 years in depression at knowing that many other cities doesn't even serve any dish resembling this.   So here's the deal, I personally feel their dry option (with a bowl of broth with beef bone on the side) is the best bet.  It's a fusion of deliciousness.  Though you may find yourself with the noodles being a tad stuck together, it's so freaking flavorful versus the with soup version which I find lacking.  If you find yourself there early enough, it's worth ordering a side of their xiu mai (meatball).  Fair warning they run out of that stuff and the chinese donuts by mid-day. Again, stick with the hu tieu nam vang.  That's the freaking name of the restaurant.  I really can't phantom why someone would come here to eat some other main dish. This place isn't the cleanest place in the world nor is it flashy. The decore is the same as it was in the early 90's.  Not the cool retro type either, it's pretty much a tacky restaurant that doesn't care how it looks inside or out because it knows it serves great noodles that people will come for.  Parking can be problematic in a regular day much less a busy day.  So best wishes! Tip: give those little green peppers a gander.  It adds a nice little kick.  The middle of the pepper where all the seeds are can get a tad spicy."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lin T.', '4', "the 4 stars is for their popular Hu Tieu Nam Vang kho- Nam Vang white noodle with soup on the side. It's my favorite for this type of Cambodia style noodle and eat it with their pickled chili. I can't say the same for the decor so that and the server get 2 stars. They're usually are not happy and no hello, no smile to take your order or response when you ask for something. Their hot tea is like hot water no flavor at all. This is a place to just eat and go so don't set your expectation too much for service. I've tried other places that serve this type of noodles and I still have to come back to this one."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tri L.', '2', 'The food is okay, but nothing to write home about. We got the H Tiu Special. It was not special. Not bad, but definitely not special. The Cháo Gà was also just okay. The only good thing about this place was the music (Vietnamese music), nice and tranquil. The service is as expected for the typical "pho" restaurant, meh. The Yelp reviews for this place is off, should be just 3 stars and that is being nice. To be fair, we did not try the Hu Tieu dry, maybe that would be better. But I ain\'t coming back for that.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tanya P.', '2', "Mediocre food for way too much hassle. + Pork chop was good + Gave each person a big bowl of steamed rice - Terrible service - Really difficult to find parking - Cash only - Hole in the wall, so it's very dirty. There's food and used napkins all over the floor. - Wonton soup had way too much garlic and the wontons had more of a fish ball consistency - Chicken with mushroom and Mongolian beef were drenched in a thick syrup that didn't taste good at all"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vincci W.', '5', "I usually find vietnamese food taste the same in all restaurant until I came here.. I changed my mind.  I ordered a beef ball noodle soup. It's very simple dish.  but OMG.. their soup base were so tasty!!!!  I will definitely come back!  Great food here!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mary L.', '3', "#1 noodle is nothing special, just tossed in a heavy dose of soy sauce. The best part of it was the Chinese donuts that you can dip in the soup. Don't get the meatballs, they end up charging like $3 extra and it is not worth the money. I would not go out of my way to eat here, but it's not terrible either."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'John O.', '5', 'Great service and great food. A real hidden gem.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thanh-Hoa T.', '5', "It's where I go for Cambodian style noodle soup (hu tiu nam vang). I always ordered rice noodle with soup. Very good. Taste pretty authentic, like the one we ate in Cambodia. I don't expect good service since it's an Asian restaurant (no offense), but at least they weren't rude. Would come back!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hapa B.', '1', "I can't believe this place. I've eaten at numerous Vietnamese Restaurants in San Jose. All I can say......  AVOID!  Wasn't good small portions. Staff was fine. But let's face it. In a hole in the wall. Who cares how they treat you... It's suppose to be about the FOOD!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hung P.', '3', 'This place has vietnamese/chinese donut eating with hu tiu. Kinda weird but overall its ok']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katheline T.', '5', "Order their #1 Hu Tieu Dac Biet Nam Vang (dry noodles) with their Chinese donuts and meatball! A bowl of soup comes on the side with some very tender meaty bones! I've been going here since I was a wee little Vietnamese girl who thought SJ was the best mini Vietnam ever. The place looks exactly the same as it did the first time I choked from eating dry noodles way too fast. It's small and gets packed during lunch and dinner hours. Parking is terrible unless you have mastered parking (or camping for parking) in a super Asian zone. There's also a restroom!!! I took my bf here a while ago, and ever since then he wants to stop by to eat hu tieu whenever we're in town. It's a great spot to try something different than pho.  Enjoy it and let others know there's more to Vietnamese food than pho, rice plates and sandwiches! :)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancy L.', '4', 'Love this place. I have been coming here for years since I was a little kid. Delicious noodles. I usually get it dry with the meatball and Chinese donuts.  The large is not that big so just order a large and yum yum yum!  They take cash only!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sylvia H.', '4', "I've been going to this one spot since I was a little kid with my family. It definitely has not changed much, or really at all. I have always ordered the #1 dry, which means that the soup comes on the side and an order of the Chinese donut. They sometimes run out of the Chinese donut if it was crowded in the morning but usually they have them. The food has always been consistently good and I have no complaints. The only thing that sometimes holds me back from going here on the weekends is that the plaza it is located in can get really busy. Also it can get crowded at lunch time on the weekends and the amount of space they have in the restaurant is very limited. Overall though, this is the place I go to when I have a craving for Hu Tieu. I've taken several people here too and they agree that they love the food here."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jen D.', '4', "Love coming here for their famous Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (Dry noodles).  I like to get half vermicelli and half wide egg noodles for my Hu Tieu.  I always get my Hu Tieu dry since there's more flavor than the wet option.  It's so satisfying and so yummy.  My Sisters and I choose this place over others since we're always satisfied when we're craving dry noodles.  Their soup on the side isn't too bad either since it comes with a bone and at times, the bone has meat on it. Every time I come to Nam Vang Restaurant, I get the house special dry noodle, side soup bowl, shu mai, Chinese doughnuts!  Can't go wrong with that combination, it's always satisfying each and every time.  Don't forget to add a few green chili's in your noodle bowl since it gives it a nice kick!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jeanette M.', '4', 'I get the hu tieu nam vang without ground beef. I prefer it dry because the one with broth is very oily. The gio chao quay is always a must even though it is super greasy. The pickled chilly is bomb.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Betty D.', '4', 'In and out in about 15 mins. Get the #1 combo, hu tieu served cold (soup\'s on the side). Flavorful & fulfilling. Just what I expected. However, they ran out of the Chinese donuts that evening :( but they gave us enough meat to make up for it and the pork fell right off the bones. Gotta love that! Service was quick to take our order & quick to serve us. Overall I\'d definitely come back to get my Vietnamese-Cambodian fix.  This is not your "hole in the wall" place as most Yelpers proclaims. It\'s actually pretty decent for an authentic Asian restaurant so don\'t expect a dirty and grimy restaurant. You won\'t feel as if you\'ll need a shower when you\'re done. However, you may smell like the aroma. Cheap, cheap, cheap! Two full bellies for $14.75! Can\'t go wrong with that. Cash only!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ana Maria F.', '5', 'My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in San Jose!  All the dishes are fantastic!  My favorite are the spring rolls even though three rolls will set you back $6.00!  Not cheap, but definitely worth it to me.  They stuff the rolls really fat and it tastes delicious.  My husband loves their Hu Tieu, especially the morning after a night out with the guys.   The service is just average and the restaurant is not the cleanest.  Like most people have stated in their reviews, the parking here is horrendous on the weekends so expect to drive a little bit for a parking space.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andra C.', '5', 'It\'s 5 am.. and I\'m thinking about food. Le sigh.  "Hieu Tieu Nam Vang" is its Vietnamese name.  I normally just order it with its Cambodian name. "Ga-dew Gohk." I brought my boothang here a month ago, and as soon as he took a bite, his whole face lit up. That\'s right! I think I know a thang or two about the foods I eat, mister! I grew up with this place. All of my family members came here for that noodle dish.  My dad used to always tell me, "Finish your meat. That\'s what we pay for." & 15 years later, I still recall this every time I eat here.  (Still such a sucker for places ripe with nostalgia.)  If you can, get the fried donuts as side to dip in your soup. I know most Chinese people eat the donuts with condensed milk... but I\'ve always dipped mine in broth. The only way to go, in my opinion. Only things I do not like are the limited parking (considering this plaza gets JAM packed. (Especially on weekends.) & it is the traditional.. CASH ONLY. :( Had to go use an ATM a couple doors down (but got lost and ended up using the one in the liquor store across the street.)  Oh! & if you\'re not accustomed to the fob/ghettoness of San Jose, you have been forewarned.  Thank you, have a nice day! (=']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wendy T.', '2', "Since it would be impolite to ask my mom to make some Cambodian/Trieu Chau chow fun for me within an hour to satisfy my urge, I decided to come here one night. This is my mom's favorite restaurant for their Cambodian noodle soup, but soupy stuff makes my stomach feel like a water jug instead of being full and satisfied. I ordered the Cambodian chow fun I (big rice noodle) instead of the Cambodian chow fun II (thin rice noodle).  The servers don't speak English, so I wouldn't recommend asking them questions. After my dish came out, I have to say, if you like microwaved food, come to Nam Vang. I was pretty disappointed in the quality of the noodles (piping hot in a bad way + too much soy/sodiumy) as well as the mediocre portions for $8.99. Unless my mom drags me here, I definitely won't be coming back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'H. L. L.', '1', 'Don\'t waste your time, don\'t come here.  Took my family here based on reviews but food was mediocre but service was awful.   1. Waitress who took our order came back like 3 different times to ask what we had ordered.  2. The server that brought our food wouldn\'t even try to distribute our dishes to those who ordered, even though we told him who\'s dish it was. He just plopped it on one side of the table and walked away. He even grunted at us at one point because the dish was on the opposite end of the table and he had to bring it over to them. 3. We all got our food except for one friend who seemed to be waiting quite a while and when we asked about it, the kitchen yelled back "we\'re cooking it, don\'t rush us! Who\'s rushing us??" Like seriously?!  4. We asked for a second helping of steamed rice and we waited for almost ten mins. When we asked again, they said they ran out of rice. OUT OF RICE?! At Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant and you run out of rice in the middle of the afternoon on a Sunday?!  5. When paying, the cashier didn\'t even look at us or smile.  Should\'ve walked out. Shouldn\'t have tipped at all. Don\'t come here. There\'s plenty of other places with better food and service. NEVER COMING BACK.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jr E.', '3', "Came in today thinking that I am going to be satisfied with the customer service here, but I wasn't. If you come here and the waiter or the person serving give you hella attitude wouldn't it ruin your whole appetite. Well it did for me. Me and my gf come in with our daughter and ask to be seated in an area where it's most convenient for my baby. Then he rolls his eyes and breathes hella loud like he was annoyed. So if I was to recommend this place for food I would, but for the service I give it 4 thumbs down."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Astrid N.', '3', "The rice noodle is definitely better than the egg noodle as it soaks in more flavour. I'm a small girl but can finish large portion"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Richard H.', '2', "I have this chronic issue with Vietnamese restaurants - I hate eating in an environment as well-lit as a clean room, but feels as sanitary as a tire/lube shop. I honestly think I'm going to have a slip, trip, and fall accident each time I come here. Also, service here is pretty depressing - I suppose you can't expect much from this type of venue.  Gf says the hu tieu is good and I agree. The food is good. Just, for your own safety, make sure you or your utensils don't come into contact with the table. Oh yeah, if you get thirsty after putting too many chilis in your dish, don't expect the wait-staff to notice. Service/cleanliness here warrants stripping one of the three stars that their food earned them."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bobby L.', '4', "A real hole in the wall for the people in the know.  Their special dish: Hu Tieu Nam Vang. What is it? Hu Tieu = Rice noodle Nam Vang = no idea Put the two together, you have rice noodle mixed with soy sauce and some other seasonings, some various meats and shrimp.  The broth can be either on the side (this is the preferred way) or in the main bowl.  The broth is a simple beef broth, with a big piece of beef that's been stewed for a long time. You mix up your noodles and meats together, then slowly add broth in to get your noodles the way you like it. Either just enough to make a little soup and noodles full of flavor, or just dump the whole thing in. Try eating this with the little vinegar hot peppers they have, it brings out the flavor of everything.   The beef ball and Chinese doughnut, I'm not really sure how to eat it.  I think you just pick at the beef ball/shu mai as a appetizer.   Recommended: Hu Tieu Nam Vang Not recommended: Bo Kho"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Manda Bear B.', '4', '************* REVIEW 274 ****************              My aunties visit us from Saigon, so they were craving for Hu~ Tieu\' Nam Vang (Phnom Penh Noodle Soup), so my family took my aunties here. This casual noodle shop is always busy during weekend & lunch, but on a week night, only half full.             So what makes this noddle house well-known for is the "Dry Phnom Penh Noodle Soup" which means the soup comes on the a separate bowl with bones. It comes with white noodle, topping with slices of pork,  poached shrimp, sautéed ground pork, dried shrimp, special sauce, a few slices of liver, kidney, fried garlic, & fried shallot.             It served with bean-sprout, Chinese Celeries, a wedge of lime, & their sour hot chili; not may restaurants make their own sour hot chili. You also need to order the XIU MAI minced pork ball side dish; & the GIO` CHAO\' QUAY~ fried dough stick to dip in the broth! & dont\' forget to suck on the bones, meat will fall to pieces when you bite on it!!! Yes, it\'s that fattening good!              However what make this soup better than other is that  the broth made of slow cook bones, dried squid & dried shrimp, so the broth is super sweet, savory & flavorful, in which NAM VANG Restaurant achieve this taste. This is the only place my parents come for this particular Phnom Penh Noodle soup.             The portion is smaller, so if you are a big eater, look & ask around before you order. Remember, they serve the Vietnamese style.               Service, what service? Typical Vietnamese resto!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Food L.', '5', "Love this place! I grew up eating at this restaurant and the flavor is still the same. #1 pho combo dry with soup on the side...Yum...  Service not so great... Lol but it's ok b/c the food is "]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rosel S.', '1', 'place sucks,lady in the front never talks and just looks rude,server wasnt around,i ordered pho with beef like it said,but then it had shrimp in it..im allergic to shrimp.. i asked the server a few qwestion he didnt know what what what....']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Susan D.', '5', "My boyfriend's (Vietnamese) parents love this restaurant or I would have never discovered it.  I guess they go here every Sunday... that's saying a lot.  Basically, they love places that has both Good and Cheap food and Vam Vang offers both!   When I went with them, it was for a birthday dinner so we had many people and ordered their family special.  We selected about 10 dishes and everything we ordered was good.  I wish I could remember the names of them.  I have a feeling though that this is one of those restaurants where almost anything will be good. :) See ya there!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie N.', '5', 'Typical POS hole-in-the-wall joint in Eastside. If you know anything about Asian folks, we have crappy restaurants but we have damn good food! I forge my way through Eastside SJ traffic to get to this place. This is how much I love this place! I always order "hu tieu kho" (house special dry noodles) which includes a bowl of beef bone soup in small with 2 chinese doughnuts, 1 shu mai meatball, and a soda chanh. - I swear my weekends aren\'t complete without this meal. This spot is a must visit in the South Bay, hands down. Note: This place only accepts CASH. Leave your credit cards at home, they\'re not accepted.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin D.', '4', "This is my favorite place to get hu tieu nam vang! I've tried many other restaurants that claimed to have the same or better, but none have ever out tasted this bowl here. I'd give it a 5 star if they would clean up the place, its quite dirty, even for Asian cheap eats standard. They seat you down right after the previous customers leaves the table and simply brushes the left over off. The table is still icky wet, the seats are sticky, and they probably only used water to wipe.  They've been open for several decades, I'm sure the owners are filthy rich by now, wonder why don't they reinvest in their business?"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tina B.', '5', "The food is deliciously yum yum for my tum tum. My favorite here has to be the Mi Nam Vang Kho or with broth depending on my mood. Broth is really flavorful.  Must order the xiu mai to eat with your Mi because the portion is so small even if you order a large. I'm not a big fan of the chinese doughnut but a lot of people order it here and they dip it in the broth. The green chili that they have the table for you taste perfect. Kinda spicy. I usually put about 10-15 chili peppers in my bowl. So satisfying. The pork bone they give with your food is sweet and full of flavor. DELISH!!!!!! Crowded & have to wait for a table during weekend lunch hours. Parking is the worse here."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Justina S.', '5', "As much as I travel to California, my cousins' always wanted to take me here, but never had the chance until my recent trip to SJ.  The dry noodle is amazing!! Never had it before until now. The meatball that you get is delicious, the broth is very tasteful, but ... wish the broth was a little bit more hotter than normal. It's served as a warm broth.  So whenever your in the area and looking for some good, cheap and delicious eats, stop by at Nam Vang!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynn C.', '3', 'The service is horrible, not that I expect much except, "here\'s what you want you\'ll never see me again" at these places. Im so glad I speak Vietnamese. It\'s dirty and dark which is a real turnoff for me. After a few decades you\'d think they want to renovate- guess not. The chandelier is so dusty, I remember making a note of this when I was 12.... Ten years ago. Bathrooms constantly need cleaning for some reason.  As for food, it\'s worth trying and a San Jose staple. The original hu tieu nam vang (dry) is a signature and great but there are other delicious dishes if it\'s not for you. The soup on the side tastes homemade and slow cooked not like other nam vang places. If you like spice, the pickled peppers are DELICIOUS.  Their chow fun is soooo good. Better than most chinese places which is odd. Portions could be small for some people, but enough for a me.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tiffany N.', '4', "I can't say the Hu Tieu is to-die for, but the Egg Noodle Nest (Mi Xao Don) is a MUST-HAVE! Waiter came within 2 minutes of being seated, so I'm sure most people coming here are regulars. The restaurant is old, but service is QUICK and friendly."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Katie Anne N.', '5', 'Fast service. Another mom and pop place in San Jose. Great food. Gets busy though so expect a wait.  Try the Mi Hoanh Tan. Its great!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ana V.', '1', "This place is terrible I saw all sorts of bugs in there back room. And the lady who runs the place is a total bitch. Her attitude and her service. Her staff goes out every 30 minutes to smoke in their only parking lot. And I didn't even stay to try the food. There backroom is so disgusting."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda N.', '4', "I remember coming here with my parents when I was little.  Haven't been here in years until I was home last week and my brother wanted to get noodles and he loves this place. We usually order the hu tieu nam vang kho (dry-broth and bone on the side) with an extra order of Chinese donuts. This place has seriously  been her forever.  It's a pretty old and run down location. But the hu tieu nam vang is always consistently delicious."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Veasna H.', '4', 'Just looking at the Reviews from family and friends reminded me why love this place.  I grew up on this stuff.  It\'s no secret that Cambodian families in San Jo used to make eating noodles a weekend lunch ritual.  And as my fam Juliana C. and Kelly S.  indicated, we came here for family "bonding" time.  Now that I am older I mostly come here with my Friends that are like Fam, like Seila K.   Nam Vang is actually the Vietnamese name for Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia.  And Hu Tieu Nam Vang translates to Phonm Penh Noodles.  And yes, this is the best thing to get here.  I don\'t really recall ever getting anything else.  It\'s quite tasty and somewhat addictive (might be the massive amounts of MSG in it, but who cares, we all know MSG is Crack in the culinary world).  It includes some squid, shrimp, ground pork and some beef.  Fried garlic and other toppings complete it.   Order it "dry (khok)" with the soup on the side.  Include a Xiu Mai and some chinese donuts and your in a World of Noodle Soup bliss.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Helen T.', '5', "I'm irrationally attached to this place. I always get the same thing: hieu tieu nam vang, soup on the side, and the 'chinese doughnuts'. Now that I'm away, I crave this like no other. It's a simple dish, but I really really irrationally crave this. I just love the flavors and toppings on the noodles! There's quite a bit of meat in the soup and its oh so tender. This isn't some classy restaurant. Expect good food with mediocre decor. Bring CASH! Again, beware. You may become irrationally addicted like me."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sonlay V.', '4', 'Good spot. Service was quick like any typical Viet spot and food was solid.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kaytie C.', '4', "My boss took me and another coworker here for lunch.  Boy, was I glad that he took me here!  It was like a hidden treasure and never thought that this place was good.  I had a type of noodle and the soup was served separate.  The soup was cooked with pig meat so it was good except I forgot the name of the noodle soup.  I also tried a dumpling and it was good.  It seemed like it was pork meat mixed with green peas and then it's steamed.   The restaurant looks really old but the food is pretty good.  At least it's something different from all other Vietnamese pho restaurants that I had in the past.  The ones I normally order are usually everything is in the pho and it uses the white type of pho noodle.  One good thing about this restaurant is that you have the option to choose from yellow noodle, pho noodle...etc.  I will definitely come back to try other dishes."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julie N.', '3', "This is something different (from the more common Viet food) and that's basically what you pay for because the portions are really small. It's not anything a Vietnamese mom couldn't replicate in her own kitchen.  I naturally love clear noodles as well as garlic and sodium-high flavorings so I will probably be back one day...  P.S. be forewarned that you will probably be burping for a few hours after your meal. yummm."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Manny K.', '5', 'Very good sour cat fish soup.   Come here for their other soups too. They are known for their noodles with broth coming in a separate bowl.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jimmy D.', '5', 'Long time favorite; been going since early ages. Cambodian style dried noodles with soup on the side is the way to go. I have never ordered anything else. Noodles are marinated with their house sauce with ground beef, calamari, cilantro with a side of broth with pork. Excellent, quick meal. Come early for the Chinese doughnuts as they tend to run out later in the day.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrea T.', '5', "Can't believe I've never wrote a review for my FAVORITE place ever. I always said.. if I died tomorrow, and I had one meal.. Hu Tieu Nam Vang (from this restaurant) would be my pick. The Hu Tieu (Dry) with the meatball and Chinese donut are the BOMB.  Every person I've ever brought here has fell in love with this place as I have throughout the years. I find this place especially nostalgic as I've been going here since I was 5, and that marks it almost 2 decades of hu tieu nommy-ness.  This place has a touch of the Cambodian vibe, so it's different to some Hu Tieu places in San Jose. This is my absolute FAVORITE dish of all time. I love it, and I have no complaints. I don't care if it looks dirty and run down, that is what makes this place so special and endearing to me. The only gripe I have about this place is the ghetto ass parking lot. Oh well, Asian people at their finest. Do NOT ever close down, Nam Vang. It'll break my heart in pieces :("]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tu H.', '1', "I just came here first time after searched on Yelp and I decide mark 0 for this store, the guy service very bad treatment . I don't wanna come here anymore ."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie P.', '5', "One of my favorite restaurants of all time!  Yes...its a little dirty Yes...its a ghetto neighborhood Yes...the food is AMAZING My family has been coming here for a long time. Nam Vang serves all types of dishes from Chow fun to their specialty Nam Vang style Cambodian noodles. VERY GOOD. You can have it any way you like......wet (with soup) or dry (soup on the side). I always eat it dry because that's the way I was raised to eat it and that's the way my family makes it. Considering a lot of Vietnamese restaurants offer this dish....its usually not good at all! Nam Vang makes their sauce from scratch and they make their soup with a little squid thrown in! Momomomoomomomomomomom. Delic baby! One more thing, you can't leave until you get your hands on the Xiu Mai and Chinese donuts. Its a must when you eat here! Go early because if you go after noon its very very likely that they won't have anymore!!!!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Viet N.', '5', 'There are 3 Hu Tieu places that I like in San Jose. Mi La Cay, Nam Vang, and Vung Tau. They both have their pros and their cons. Nam Vang is my favorite Hu Tieu restaurant in San Jose.  Nam Vang is located in the plaza behind Chuck e Cheese. I hate driving around the Tully area because there are too many illegal immigrants and Asian drivers.... It\'s like you\'re in a demolition derby. They\'ve recently widened the roads at Tully so things shouldn\'t be as bad hopefully. Nam Vang is the dirtiest of the 3 places I frequent. The tables are usually sticky. But I ain\'t here to eat the table, so let\'s talk about the food. I always order the Hu Tieu Mi Nam Vang. They have other kinds of meat/sauce combinations, but honestly, Nam Vang is the name of the restaurant. You kinda assume it\'s the specialty. It\'s like a less extreme version of my rule of not ordering fish at the House of Prime Rib. The Hu Tieu comes with meat and organs. You haven\'t lived until you\'ve eaten an animal\'s liver and lungs. Makes me wonder how nasty a smoker\'s lungs would taste.... not that I condone cannibalism. The sauce is like a thick black sauce. I dunno what it is. Some kind of sweet, salty soy-sauce based syrup is the best way I can describe it. Who cares? It\'s frickin delicious! This sauce makes the noodles really stand out. The perfect amount of saltiness to make it tasty without having to chug glasses of water. However, this place gives so little noodles :(.  I\'ve never been here and left feeling like I was overstuffed. Generally, that\'s a good thing, but I don\'t even eat that much so when I bring really big eaters here they\'re generally disappointed. My friends once came here with me and went to McDonalds afterwards and killed some angus cheeseburgers. True story. Cash only! Which sucked the first few times I forgot. I always remember to bring cash here now though. Waiters will drop the food off and not look at you for the rest of your lunch. Flag them down if you want a refill. Their look of contempt means that they like you. Trust me, I\'m Vietnamese. Pros:  Best tasting Hu Tieu in San Jose (there\'s only one pro, but it\'s weighted very heavily) Cons: Dirty Cash only Portion so small :( irrelevant funny fact: I was here once in December and they were playing a song from a Vietnamese singer who was singing "Merry, Merry, Merry Cheeseman". I couldn\'t help but laugh at his pronunciation of Christmas.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Corinna R.', '1', 'Very racist here. Their food is good here but they are very racist. They told me they did not have an item I wanted to order and yet they were still giving it out to others (oriental nationality) to eat.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Meardey T.', '5', 'The best tasting Phom Penh noodles outside of Cambodia.  Every time I come to San Jose this restaurant would be my number 1 priority.  You have to order large bowl because their large is regular at some other noodle places.  The service is so so.   Typical Asian restaurant atmosphere,  no style points,  just the taste.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael K.', '4', "This place is quite simple to review. If you know what dry Nam Vang noodles are and you like them (or if you want to try a new vietnamese dish).... you will like this place so come here! If you don't know what Nam Vang or don't like vietnamese noodle dishes, then don't come here lol.  It's as simple as that! Come here for that specialty dish... not for the other food... not for their service... but for this dish (and it's cheap!). They do this dish really well here... and all my vietnamese friends agree that this place does it right!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Priscilla V.', '4', 'This is a childhood culinary treasure for me as my pediatrician is just a few blocks away. I used to go to the doctor a lot as a kid and after each appointment, if I was feeling well enough, my parents would always take me here. When I go to noodle houses, I usually get the thick egg noodle and thick rice noodle with seafood toppings and "dry." When you order noodles "dry," it is tossed in a special soy mixture and served with a small bowl of soup on the side. The soy mixture here is simply inimitable. It has the perfect amount of soy, sugar, seasonings and all of its other ingredients. The egg noodles are cooked al dente and the rice noodles are smooth and not too thick (in depth). I haven\'t had the chance to come here in quite some time and look forward to the next time I am in the area so that I can bask in the glory of the olden days.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cindy C.', '5', "Carol L. took me here on 12/19/2009.   She got ROTD for this place on 12/20/2009.   I got ROTD today for a different review, which triggered an impulse to write a long overdue review for this place. OMG.  If this place was closer to where I lived, I would be here every week.   We were here at I think 3 and even then the place was crowded.  I like that I came with a Vietnamese speaker cuz then I didn't have to do anything with ordering, just enjoying.  We ordered the Their Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (their specialty dish), the skinless siumai (it's like a soupy meatball), and Carol even got our sprouts half cooked (I think they forgot tho cuz they all looked raw to me).  Everything was so delicious.  The place is a hole in the wall, so don't expect any ambiance... But the food... it's 5-stars all the way."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Doi D.', '1', 'I used to like this place but now i have to say something that I would not recomended this resturaunt.  1. Waiter/waitress dont get the tip. The owner get it all! 2. Price a slight increase but the food has cut down a bit. So Im supprise when they bring out the food. Looks like kid meal. 3. Wait times is horrible, plus it is not a clean place either . Look around when you come and check it out yourself. Probably i wont go here again. Eat at your own risk!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thao T.', '5', "Wow! Hu Tieu Nam Vang is awesome especially with those green chilies on the side.  This is one of the few noodle dishes that tastes just as good to go as it does eating it there in the restaurant.  My advice -- order it to go! The lady on the phone even offers to run to your car to drop off the food if you can't find parking. It's like Outback's curbside pick up yo, Asian style!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anita L.', '3', 'Came here a while back to see what\'s so great about the hu tieu nam vang kho. I don\'t understand what the hype is about...it was okay for me. Towards the end, it got too "mang" for me. I got it with siu mai too. Not too great =\\ Sorry fans.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Caroline T.', '3', 'Service: bad food itself: its okay, i like it. my favorite place to eat Hu Tieu']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dingwei W.', '5', "Love. Love. Love. Especially the no.1 noodle. I forget the name. 8.25 for the large noodle and goes with the soup with bones. I can't help coming back again and again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'R G.', '3', 'We have been eating here occasionally for many years. It is a bit out of the way for us, but occasionally we are in the area and in the mood. The quality varies, the 3 stars are about the average. Last time though it was better than usual, so we may make the trek again soon.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Daniel H.', '4', "I came here a couple of times and the food was consistent  with my previous visit.  Most of their food on the menu was cheap.  I ordered the Beef with Mushroom and Rice (#63?) for $7.25 and it was pretty good to me though I would have liked more rice.   The atmosphere was alright and there was vietnamese music playing.  The staff were friendly, too, as well as attentive.  It pretty much felt like a place everybody goes to and enjoys their food. There were a lot of choices so I'll be back to try other things."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phuong H.', '1', 'Really people? FOUR stars??  I was fooled by Yelp once again.   A few of us were looking for a new place to try out since we always go to the same places (bc Yelp has fooled us before!).  But we decided to be adventurous and try out a new Vietnamese place.  This place showed up with four stars...and we were excited to try it out.  When we got to the restaurant, I had a bad inkling but thought, "they have FOUR STARS on Yelp, how bad could it be?" BAD.  VERY BAD.  My bf got the Hu Tieu Nam Vang kho and his biggest complaint was that the sauce was pretty much soy sauce.  C\'mon people, Vung Tau has BETTER Hu Tieu Nam Vang than this place!  My friend and I got the banh hoi with pork and shrimp/beef, and the banh hoi was obviously microwaved, the outer layer was dry and stuck to the plate.  Not only was the food terrible here, the service was forgettable.  Our waiter asked us if we were ready literally 10 seconds after we got our menus.  Then when he got our orders, we couldn\'t hear what he was saying...so when I asked him to repeat it, he suggested an appetizer dish (we all had no idea what it was).  What was fishy about it was that he mumbled it and if we had ignored it and said, "ok" or "yes", then we would\'ve had another crappy dish! Maybe I should rely on word of mouth from now on.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angela L.', '4', "Oh yes yes. This place is known for their Hu Tieu Nam Vang.  It is a type of cambodian noodle soup.  You have a choice of either rice noodles or egg noodles or both.  My personal favorite is the rice noodle.  I like mine with the soup in it already.  I know a lot of people want their soup on the side but at the end I see them drowning the noodle with their soup anyways.  What is that about? It is a typical Vietnamese noodle house.  Can't expect alot or anything in regards to decor and services.  Their noodles are what counts. I can honestly say i never had a bad experience with their services.  I would recommend this place in a heartbeat.  It is just that good.  You could even say that it is a hole in a wall kind of place.  Don't expect much but get a lot of....."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Leigh R.', '4', "Their Phnom Penh Noodle (Cambodian noodle beef soup) is the best I've had in SJ! My fiancee takes me here often for the beef noodle (with chinese donut) and we always leave satisfied. However, we always make sure to request beef only (they usually add pork or seafood too, but we prefer just the beef-tai-flank). The soup is delicious, and unlike other Pho/Noodle places, I always finish my broth! It's not salty which I like, and their portion sizes are just right. I've tried both noodles with broth, and noodles with broth on the side, and I prefer having the noodles with the broth (I'm not a fan of dry noodles). =)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ashley T.', '3', "Nam vang use to be really good but the past couple of times I've been here... I leave feeling uncomfortable.  I order the hu tieu nam vang dry. It comes with a side of warm beef broth and beef rib. It taste good but not freshly made to order. Service is typical Vietnamese service and the restaurant looks shady and dirty. Nothing new. Since I can't find a better hu tieu place, this is my go to noodle restaurant."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'NY Y.', '2', "#1 - hieu tieu nam vang, (cambodian noodle soup) w/ soup on the side. - it's just okay. #16 - cambodian chow fun. - it's just okay.  atmosphere - dive"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'T t.', '4', "1 star for the quick service 2nd & 3rd star for the food  4th star for the price Tried the #1 with soup on the side, and also had some of the meatball which wasn't anything special. The meatball was $1.50 which is cheap and it was pretty big as well. Mos def recommend the #1 with soup on the side or inside. This place is CASH ONLY so don't forget to bring some dough. The portions are a little on the small side, but the food is good. Free parking in the lot and it's nearby my favorite bakery (Van's Bakery) at the lion's plaza for green waffles!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Charis B.', '4', "We came here today to meet up with a small group of old friends. One of them had recommended we meet here and for many of us it was our first time. They recommended that we try the #1 small Hu Tieu (with broth on side), Chinese donuts, and meatballs. Wow! We all loved everything and took our time gobbling it all down. Several of us finished our meal with iced milk coffee. It was strong and delicious. They did not attempt to hurry us out of the place, which was really nice and we were able to take our time and enjoy each other and the meal. The waitress and servers were all very nice and professional and everything was very clean. We're fans and will recommend meeting up there again next time we are in the area to join old friends."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'vannet c.', '5', "This is a cash only place. We've been going there for their Cambodian noodle since I was little. The place has been around for a very long time and nothing has change. Not the decor nor the quality of the dishes. It's so good. It sits in a really crowded area. They really need to expand that parking lot. It is just not equipped to hold that many cars. The restaurant itself is kinda small and you if you go there during lunch be prepared to wait. And if you go there with a large group be prepared to wait even longer. There's only 3 large table that will hold a group if 8, 10... You will be elbow to elbow. You will never find Cambodian noodles as good as this."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mia N.', '1', "I will never go back here!! How is this place good? Eek!! The dilemma: You're Viet but not very Vietnamesey... so what do you do when you want authentic Viet food? Use yelp. Why, if the Vietnamese people are posting about it, it must be good right?! WRONG.  So I checked this place out and ate the food all the while cringing and noticing every single restaurant health code violation (thanks Gordon Ramsey). But I kept reassuring myself, if my people say this is the way to prepare it and it's good.. it must be good.... just ignore everything else.  I had the hu tieu dish (kho - soup broth on the side) and wasn't feeling it.  I think the most authentic Vietnamese spot I can handle is Vung Tau. I'm sorry my Vietnamese peeps!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Brandon V.', '3', "Guess this place is for nostalgic people. Wasn't really impressed with the Hu Tieu. Noodles were clumped and did mix well with the other ingredients. Also their broth was so laden with MSG, I recognized it instantly."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ellen L.', '1', "Food was cold and they put lots of msg. I think they probably put it in microwave before serving to customer? It used to be very good but now it's just ehhh. This restaurant is very dirty too."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thai T.', '5', 'Hu Tieu here is amazing! Extremely high quality and delicious! I ordered Hu Tieu Nam Vang with the broth on the side, the order was brought out fairly quick. I quickly devoured my place within minutes. The noodles, the meat and organs, as well as their special all taste delicious!  I hate how they give so little portion in your bowl for any size bowl. You can ask for extra noodles for an additional cost to your bowl. This place gets fairly crowded during lunch hours. Overall, one of the best places for Hu Tieu in San Jose! Highly recommended!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana D.', '5', "At first glance, doesn't look like much. Not very clean, kinda run down but don't let it fool you, this place is very satisfying when you crave for hu tieu kho. Order #1 which is Hu Tieu Kho Nam Vang. Hu Tieu ( means it's cooked in pork broth). You can get the option of kho (means is dry ) which is what u usually get. It's accompanied with a side soup to help wash all that goodness down when it gets too dry. Don't forget to get those juicy Siu Mai, meat balls. Another underestimated dish I wouldn't have known to get but thanks to yelp, I was guided correctly . Enjoy!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lily D.', '5', 'I always loved eating here ever since i was a little. My dad takes us all the time. I usually order a #1 house special with dry, soup on the side. Sometimes if im early enough ill get the chinese donut and meatballs. Aside from the authenic taste of the noodles, my favorite here would have to be the preserved green chilies. Usually i eat about half the jar by myself. It has just the right amout of sweet and sour!  Somehow i never get sick of this place. I just ate it this morning and rem why i loved it so much!! GReen chilies you are my life. Service is ok, but really i dont care about that!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vicky H.', '4', 'In my opinion it is the best nam vang in town. the nam vang (dry) is a favorite not only for me, but my friends, and family who have eaten here absolutely find it delicious. Of course your nam vang but be accompanied by their xiu mai (chinese meat ball) and their deep fried chinese donut. Only thing that sucks about this place is parking & cash only.  But overall it is Cheap & delicious']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rouny M.', '5', "#1 Khmer soup. First time here and wow. Best I've had and I'm Cambodian! And I've been to Cambodia as well. From long beach aka Cambodian town, so just take my word for it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stacey W.', '5', ':) I love this place. Thanks to my Vietnamese friend! He has taken me here twice and both times have been delicious. Definitely will be back and take my parents here! :) -- once I find out what in the world my friend ordered me! The food always comes out super fast, as well. Yay for impatient customers! :)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Binh T.', '4', 'The Good: +Mmm yummy. You know what you came here for. #1 dry noodle, meatball, Chinese donuts, etc.  The Bad: -You would never want to order drink here. Way too expensive.  Final Thought: You would come here for 1 reason only. To eat your favorite food. If your expecting this joint to be super classy, or eating food other than noodle. You may have come to the wrong place.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bill W.', '5', 'Number 1 is the best dish with soup on the side. Have it with meat ball and chinese donut!!!!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Felix W.', '5', "This place is really quite good. If it took card as well I would go a lot more. The number 1 dry is amazing and quite unique. The peppers provided at the table also add to the already great flavor. Getting the chinese donuts may be a bit much for only 2 people since its such a big portion. Get the siu mai too if you're going all out because it's a great appetizer. The beef stew here is also great, but it's not exactly their specialty. The best part is that this place is really cheap compared to similar shops. Bowls start at $6.50 and a large is only 75 cents more. Cash only though so make sure to hit up the ATM beforehand."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chi N.', '5', "This is my absolute favorite place to eat in San Jose. I've been going here for more than 15 years now and the food has been consistent throughout the years. The service is not the greatest and the decor is pretty dingy but you come here strictly for the food.  I always order Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (soup on the side). The broth is the best. I usually get an extra order of it so I can dip Chinese donuts into it. The Chinese donuts run out quickly so if you get there after 12, you're probably going to be out of luck. The chili is a must. They marinate their chili in a special seasoning so it has a unique flavor to it.  My friend loves egg noodles so he always orders Mi Nam Vang Kho. It's better to order these dishes Kho (Dry) because they add a special sauce onto the noodles which gives the dish a different taste than if you were to order it with the soup already in the bowl. For egg noodle (mi) lovers, you can actually order the thick or thin noodles. I love the thick noodles. Very tasty. The Xiu Mai there is also pretty good but that runs out before noon hits.  All in all, this is my favorite place for Hu Tieu. You'll find me here at least once a week. My record has been three in a week."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Harry T.', '5', 'I was quite a regular at Courtyard Cafe and I NEVER noticed this restaurant in the middle of the plaza, weird right? Oh yeah, maybe it was my hormones getting the best of me and making me unable to think about anything else other than Vietnamese gurrrls keke I came here about an hour before they closed and it was pretty dead inside. Usually not a good sign for a restaurant but that was definitely not the case here.  Like most of my fellow Yelpers, I ordered #1 dry. My first impression was "damn, that\'s not a lot of food :/" but after digging in and slurping everything down, I was pretty damn satisfied. The portion size at Dalat is HUGE compared to Nam Vang BUT the flavor here is so much better. The broth comes with a big bone with meat on it(tasted like pork but I wasn\'t paying attention) and the meat was really tender so you can tell its been boiling in the beautiful broth for hours. The flavor of the noodles, soy sauce, ground pork, garlic, etc was sooooooo gooooood. This place is like the Ramen Dojo of Hu Tieu for me.  Service is pretty typical Vietnamese restaurant service but just a little bit worse because nobody here speaky engrish. So just point, speak loudly and slowly, and hope for the best. The restaurant isn\'t that big so I can imagine it would get really busy during peak lunch and dinner hours.  Parking sucks. The lot is really small and there are a bunch of little shops in that plaza. I\'m pretty sure Courtyard Cafe\'s customers take up half of the parking lot so that only leaves the other half for the rest of the shops. I\'m not knocking on Courtyard, I\'ll admit that I stopped by after Nam Vang lol, but I\'m just trying to say parking sucks. And did I mention that parking sucks? ***CASH ONRY!!!***']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Irvin C.', '5', "One of San Jose's gems . I started coming to Nam Vang even before I knew my abc's 123's. you order Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho ( Dry noodles with awesome dank sauce). I usually get half egg noodles and half white noodles cause I be greedy and want the best of both worlds (worf it). If youre like hungry and want to eat a lot the large probably wont fill you up.  Get dat : Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho *try rice noodles before the egg noodles =D Chinese Donut Xiu Mai ^ You've unlocked foodgasm."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '5', "An all time favorite! My family and friends come here specifically for the hu tieu kho! We always order it with a side of Chinese donuts and xiu Mai! It never disappoints! Only downside is that there is a long wait no matter what time of the day you go. But food comes out very quickly so that's always nice."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dorene S.', '4', 'This is one of those places where you go just for good, comfort food, with little expectation of great service. The servers barely speak English and would likely have some difficulty in answering any of your questions about the menu. On the brighter side, anything you order would probably be good.  The dry noodles are always perfectly cooked. The separate pork rib soup that comes with the noodles is delicious - perfect blend of salt and sweetness that will make you crave for more. The meatballs (called "siu mai" even though they\'re definitly not the traditional Chinese "siu mai") are a good accompaniment to any order.  KPI (Key Performance Indicator) ratings (1-5, 5 - best): Quality: 5 Delivery/Service: 3 Cost: 5']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Pochacco L.', '1', 'Cheap owner & dirty restaurant. We can never finish the food here because it\'s full of MSG. We go here because of convenient and it\'s cheap. Cheap food = cheap price = cheap owner! When we asked for a to go container so we can bring the bone home to our dog, the owner refused to give us a container. She stated "customers don\'t bring bone home, no container for bone" (literally translated from her Vietnamese statement). Hello! I paid for my food, I paid for the bones, if I want to bring the bone home, I bring the bone home! Don\'t be cheapskate and give me the container!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tee K.', '2', "Sorry this isn't good.  I ordered the hu tieu with soup in it n the soup was so bland.  Wow.  It just was bland that all I can say.  No taste at all.  Gross,  gross.  I'm a huge soup person n very analytical on my soup broth n this is like a big No.  OK that's all I want to say because needless to say if a noodle place can't carry out their broth Why bother with talking about anything else. Not coming back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Judy N.', '5', "**NOTE: Cash Only!!**  When I'm craving Hu Tieu, I come here. Even my mom's HT isn't as good as here... just don't tell her that. :)  they are known for their #1. Dac biet hu tieu nam Vang. Special Cambodia rice noodles. personally I order it dry, with the soup on the side, and they even have the broth bones in the soup as well. yummy!  this time they asked if we wanted a meatball (Siu Mai) as well. we said yes, since it was a dollar. but don't be fooled, it's just a random meatball w/ peas inside it. it doesn't even go along well with the #1.     [side note. the bestie loved the meatball... and the 2nd time we went, they were out, and she was sad, whereas I didn't care for it either way... so try it out, it's only an extra buck. :) ] we had the goi cuon (fresh rolls) to snack on before our dishes came out. good. nice and fresh.  I tried my bf's pork chop. it was a bit overcooked and dry. if you are wondering what to get... get the #1!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vi Y.', '1', "Nam Vang...wth happened to you?  Last two times we came here were epic fails.  This last time though...will be my last time.  So sorry, it was great while it lasted.... We came here last night at 7:30pm and we were the only table.  Throughout dinner, only 2 other tables showed up.   We ordered 3 hieu tieu nam vang kho and one mi nam vang kho along with 2 siu mai's. The soup came out first with no bone in it.  We asked for the bones and they said they were sold out.  Umm..the restaurant is COMPLETELY empty.  Ok.  We also asked for the long chinese donuts and they were sold out as well. Then our bowls of hieu tieu came out.  It was al dente...and didn't have the greasyness it normally has.  Didn't make me lick my lips. The worst though was the siu mai.  It came out gray.  When we broke into it, it was red inside.  Not pink..but bloody and red.  Like uncooked pork.  We asked the waiter why it was red and he said it was because it's fresh.  Um...no it's because it's raw.  We took it up to the owner and showed her and she just shrugged and told us it's like that.  No it's not!  I order it every time.  Never is it gray on the outside and red in the middle!!  They wanted us to eat it.  Omg ECOLI lawsuit comin' on up.  She finally took it back.  I thought to reheat it...but no, it  never came back out.   Bad service.  Bad noodles.  RAW uncooked pork.  Dirty restaurant.  Expensive prices.  I'm so sad as this was one of my favorite restaurants.  20 years of awesomeness eventually must be taken down.  Saigon Seafood it is..."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nghia L.', '1', 'Nhung Nguoi o day phuc vu khong co toc! Neu khong can thiet nen DI an o noi Khac hay hon! Thieu gi tiem nam vang ngon!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michael N.', '5', "The quality of the hu tieu here has revived me from my Yelp hiatus, which should by itself speak volumes for this place..  Hu tieu is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes, which is partly due to the fact that my mom's family is from a region known for their hu tieu. This is hands down one of the best hu tieu I've tasted, and their hu tieu rivals one of my favorites down in Socal.  As others have recommended, get #1 dry and with the xiu mai and gio chao quay (Chinese donut). Getting the soup on the side accentuates the flavoring on the noodle, which is the crux of the taste."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lien T.', '4', "Deeelicious! Nam Vang is a local delicacy. There is only one of its kind in the entire city.  Their menu offers a variety of different Cambodia-Vietnamese dishes; such as chow fun, fried rice, rice plates, seafood, soups, and desserts. However, the typical combination of dishes that I order every time I'm here, and the most popular combination, would be the #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (Special Cambodian Rice Noodle, with soup on the side), Sieu Mai (steamed pork dumplings), and Chinese fried bread sticks (Chinese donuts). The taste is indescribable--it's just so good. Don't forget to dip the Chinese fried bread sticks into the soup to soften the bread sticks too! It sounds like a lot of food for one person but the amount is just right to fill an empty stomach. Not to mention, the total comes to $10/person. It's cheap, delightful, and service is fast (the food literally comes out within 5-8 minutes upon ordering).  If you want the entire experience, be sure to come before 1-2 in the afternoon as they sometimes run out of the Sieu Mai and Chinese fried bread sticks."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Shannon Z.', '3', "Nam Vang is not the most vegetarian friendly restaurant but they try. They made me a vegetarian version of Chow Fun. Its pretty bland and oily but tasted pretty good with extra chili sauce on top.  The lemonade is awesome, not overly sweet, they make it to order. It comes in a standard glass size, like 12oz for $2.00. I could drink it all day, I wish it came in one of those giant 74oz cups you can get at the gas station. I would be so happy! Lemonade for all!! My boyfriend got the Cambodian Rice Noodle Soup for $7.50. It's like a marriage between all meats, basically a nightmare in a bowl for vegetarians like me :) . Two types of shrimp meet the two vertebrae from the spine of a pig, then slide by the liver slices and onto something that might have been fish ball or some other meatball bounced alone the bottom of the bowl. At first I think he wasn't ready to take it all in, he said it was just OK, a bit oily and he cautiously sipped. But after he adding Sriracha something happened to the soup, like magic he started eating fast and slurping soup like a machine. I was told it was much better then many PHO, very complex flavors (like a 7 out of 10).  They had run out of the savory Chinese doughnuts (gio chao quay), so sad. Fried dough makes all meals better meals."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hayden N.', '4', "I don't think this place needs any more reviews, but here goes...my cousin recommended Nam Vang Restaurant to me, he claimed that they made the best Hu Tieu that he has ever eaten.  I made it my goal to eat here when I went to San Jose to visit my friend.  We decided to chance it, while one of her kid was in preschool, and took her other two children with us.  I love Vietnamese restaurants in that they are very accommodating to parties with children unlike a lot of pretentious American establishments.  We ordered two Hu Tieu Nam Vang (dry), one Shu-mai, and one Chinese Doughnut.  One of the kids is highly allergic to eggs and the waiter was reassuring that there are no eggs in any of the products.  He even brought over an extra small bowl and scissors without me having to ask.  Her little boy was able to eat everything we had ordered and liked it!  I was surprised that he consumed a lot of the broth and doughnut.  You got the kids' approval.  The noodles were a little different, but it is up there on my list of best Hu Tieu.  Advice, start out with eating it dry then pour the soup over the noodles--it makes it seem like you had two different dishes."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thien T.', '5', "Great noodle restaurant. The restaurant needs updating and cleaning but can't criticize the food. Can be a long wait during weekends and rush hour."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'In F.', '1', 'Are you kidding me? this place sucks, two stars at max for food. Got the beef vermicelli, beef is not tender and tasted like petroleum stove. Vermicelli is average stuff, portion is relatively small. Also tried the fried chinese donut noodle, whatever you call it, chinese restuarant calls it crispy noodle, its just average stuff with some soy sauce and broccoli, which is so nothing special. The thai tea is pathetic. It came in a small glass bottle and they charge you 3 bucks for it lol. My god. People need to give real reviews!!! When i paid at the cashier, no smile, no thank you from that ugly lady. No thank you i wont go back. A pretty bad name it gives san jose.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cel A.', '4', "I'm not vietnamese, so excuse my description of food here.  My girl, Chi N., took me here bc I kept telling her that I loved dipping that donut bread in the soup.  And she took me back here for more! I love hole-in-wall places like this, its fast service, and the food is still great.  I had this noodle dish.. man, I dont know what it's called. ugh.  but its like the vermicelli, but different noodles, and its hot.  OH! I just saw Chi's review.. it is called Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho.  Which of course I will not be able to say! I wish I spoke vietnamese so I would know what to order. Chi spoke to the waiters in her language, and of course, I was just there to eat. LOL The place is cash only.. sucks. So heads up if you're ever coming in to eat. Thank you Chi!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lance S.', '1', "I'm not sure why this place is so highly rated. I thought it bad in terms of food quality and especially service. In terms of service, after we were seated we waited forever for the one waiter who seemed to have nothing to do besides bus tables. We finally got up and told him we were ready to order. When the food came no plates were provided even though we told them we were eating family-style. They finally bought small bowls. Finally, when the bill came there were no amounts for us to tell how much it was or how to split the bill. This may be entirely in my imagination, but we got the feeling we weren't especially welcome there. We were four white guys and we were the only white people in the entire restaurant. I've traveled extensively in Southeast Asia including in Vietnam, and Cambodia. I'm quite familiar with the food, and Vietnamese is some of my favorite type of food. I've been to many Vietnamese restaurants before. I've never gotten such weird unwelcoming vibes as I did get at this restaurant. Again the racial component may totally be in my imagination but the service was particularly cold, inattentive, and indifferent. In terms of food quality, all of it was pretty mediocre. The menu is extensive, but didn't contain great descriptions. Frankly I found the food at panda express more fresh than this place.The lemongrass chili chicken was pretty good, however. I would not recommend going to this place and certainly will not be going there again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mit L.', '4', 'Best Hu Tieu Nam Vang or Mi Nam Vang (must order dry/soup on the side) in Northern California.  You also can try mix-noodles (half rice noodle and half egg noodle).  I always order mix dry noodles with chinese donut and "sui mai".  If you need to order with soup then go to Thao Tien restaurant!  This place also has good Hu Tieu Nam Vang both dry and with soup.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nathan W.', '5', '"Dry hu tieu."  "The #1 dry."  "What everybody else is eating."  No matter how you order it, this Viet dive\'s famous bowl of deliciousness does not disappoint... Order this with a meatball and a chopped up Chinese donut (who knew???) on the side, and you\'re in absolute heaven.  The broth, which isn\'t bad at all, is pretty much an afterthought here.  The noodles are spiced right, and the requisite condiments at the table can ratchet up the heat further if needed... Bring cash, and try to come at an off-time if possible.  There isn\'t much for parking in this strip mall, and the restaurant itself fills up.  Without a doubt highly recommended...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica H.', '5', "If you haven't been here yet...you definitely need to give it a try!! This place has been here forever and have attracted many customers who have become regulars there. There are a lot of people I know that come here religiously since they've been kids :]    Their specialty is their Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (dry) with soup on the side. You should put some spoonfuls of soup into the bowl of noodles to kind of loosen the noodles up so it's easier to mix. Each bowl of soup comes with 1 beef bone which has fall-off-the-bone meat...I usually save the bones for my dogs who love it too haha ;] (obviously) They have these special green peppers available on the side and I usually take a little bite of the pepper with each bite of noodle--so spicy but oh-so-delicious. Another must-order: their Siu Mai (meatball) with Chinese Donut to dip into the meatball juice. Sigh...stomach's grumbling and mouth's drooling just writing this.   I haven't even bothered to order anything else on the menu because their specialty dish is just so good! However, I've gone with someone who ordered the Fried Rice in Clay Pot (not sure if that's the proper name) and they've said it's very good as well."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda N.', '4', "My boyfriend and I come here for lunch. We got the #1-Dac biet hu tieu nam vang (Special Cambodia rice noodles). I like my noodles dry, with the soup on the side. It is absolutely delicious! I wished they will give me more rice noodles and ground pork because I was still hungry after I finished my bowl.  It's not the cleanest place but I will come here for the Hu tieu. The only thing that sucks about this place is the parking and cash only but overall it is cheap and delicious."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Raymond M.', '5', "Ooouuu nam vang. The last time I came here was roughly about two years ago. I never had home made hu tieu but this place gives me an idea. So they serve vietnamese and cambodian types of hu tieu. You can have the soup in or have it seperate in a little bowl. When you order hu tieu don't forget the meatballs because its only right."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Daniel N.', '4', "Hands down the best Hu Tieu in San Jose. People come here for one reason and that reason is their special Hu Tieu #1 with the soup on the side. This meal comes with many different types of meat and your typical vegetables on the side. You can add from a variety of peppers, lemons, and vegetables to your liking. The soup on the side comes with beef knuckle which is made to perfection. The beef knuckle is tender and juicy, but make sure you come during the day because they do tend to run out of beef knuckle by night time.   The service isn't all that great but what can you really expect, it's a Vietnamese restaurant after all.  Parking is horrible. I always find myself driving back and forth looking for a spot to park my car.  BE WARNED! People in that parking lot drive crazy!  Don't expect much from the cleanliness of this restaurant. It's a messy restaurant but remember one thing, The food is amazing!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bonnie D.', '5', "Everytime I come to San Jose I just need to make a stop here. I always get the #1 soup on the side. Soo good!! It reminds me of Vietnam. :) If you like noodles, you'll love this place."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dziem L.', '1', 'My daughter went back home for Thanksgiving , she asked me to take  her to eat hu tieu here because we have not been there for a while , so I thought it was a good idea then we went there .  We get there around 10am , they let us sit down fast ( I like that), and get the order without smiles( like the machine) , and I asked for water and yes , the girl works at  counter brought to us two cup of water. It really cold on that morning and I asked her give me some hot tea please, and she looked at me with the angry face and said :" why don\'t you ask one time" , " sao khong noi mot luot cho roi" ! And grab two cups of water away ,  I was shocked because I did not ask too much , just one time water and need extra hot tea because it was so cold on that day. Food was not taste good either , very disappointed , never come back (:']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer G.H. W.', '4', "This restaurant is in a little strip mall. Location isn't fancy and restaurant isn't fancy-more on the ghetto side, but damn the food here was pretty good. We shared the combination noodle soup. We had the soup in another bowl. The noodles came with meat, shrimp, garlic, onions, and sauce. We added a bit soup to it to mix all the ingredients. Overall, the noodles were tasty. The owners also recommended the lemon grass. It was so tasty. We also had the Chinese broccoli as our vegetable. Great food!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny O.', '3', "Whaa?? Average 4 stars for this place? I came here for the first time today with my coworker and let me tell you..parking was a bitchh! I guess because it was a Saturday and it's almost Chinese New Year, so all of the Tully area is hella packed. Unless it's always like that. I could have sworn I told my coworker to order me the number 1 which was a Cambodian noodle soup. He ordered for me in Vietnamese so I have no idea what he did order. When the order came out it was a dinky bowl of pho. Definitely way smaller than other pho places I've been to and the quality wasn't as great. It did consist of some interesting ingredients though, like shrimp, squid, a hunk of beef and bone, and some other nasty beef thing. The beef and tendon was tender and pretty good. The soup was pretty tasty and I liked that they gave Chinese donuts to go along with your meal. I'm guessing my coworker ordered the hu tieu nam vang since it seems like that's what everyone's raving about. It did look really delicious and I wish I got that instead.  I'd definitely come back to try out the hu tieu nam vang!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Annie H.', '3', "I've always heard from a few family and friends this is the best to get hieu tieu. I came here for the first them with the hubby. We both tried the Cambodian style noodle. It is the best we both ever had ! Everytime we crave for some, we come here. One thing I didn't like about this place was the customer service. He was very rude and clearly see our cup was empty and needed a refill on water and just walks by our table. The hubby asked if we can have a refill, he totally ignored us until I asked for the second time. That was a major turn down. Either than that make sure you bring cash only coming into this place!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tess R.', '5', 'I go here once a week. Get the hu tieu kho with extra sauce and an order of the chinese donut. This is the best hu tieu out there. The service is exceptionally poor but the food is good. The lady at the counter looks and sounds like she hates her life but I come for the hu tieu not for her. :] TASTY TASTY FOOD']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rudy R.', '5', 'This is one of those places you Cant get sick of, no matter how many times you visit the joint. Its not like nintendo, where you can play it out. I remember coming here a whole bunch of times back in the childhood days with the family. We usually stop by when visiting uncles and aunts in the area. Back then, I remember ordering Only the fried rice because thats all i knew at the time.  But now its 09", time to shine. Ive matured and so have my taste buds. I know whats good and not so good. Number #1 (large) on the menu is the choice at this restaurant. Phnom Penh Style (Cambodian dry style noodle w/ soup on the side) You can either change up the noodles or leave it as-is, which i recommend. Dry noodles is the way to go, so get that soup on the side. Get a chac quay and a sui mai meat ball. You\'ll definitely get stuffed like a pinata with this meal. I kid you not. I like this restaurant because you can order in a few different languages. English, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Khmer - which is the language of us Cambodians. You might even can order in Spanish, but i gotta get back to you with that one. The customer service here is always excellente. The one dude there is super on point. Give your order, he repeats it, and it comes out exactly how you want it.  Basically, this is the way every restaurant should be like, great tasting food and great customer service. Can you beat that? if so, let me know. cause im searchin for more spots like this.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kaat D.', '2', 'We ate two sorts of Chow fun and both were below average. The food was dry and it was tasteless. General atmosphere is really bad as the place is not cozy and the waiters are not friendly.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie A.', '4', 'I\'ve been wanting to try the famous #1 dry, so I stopped by here for the first time. You know when something\'s good if you glance at other tables and they\'re eating the same thing. Anyway, when my bowl was set in front of me, my first impression was "Man, the pics weren\'t lying, that looks hecka small." But after my meal I was surprisingly satisfied, but not stuffed. I think the flavor is def preferable over Dalats, as well as the delicious broth. However Dalat gives you more food. One thing that kinda bothered me was that the workers were hovering over the customers and I while they were refilling the utensil containers... while we\'re eating. I mean can\'t you wait til it\'s not that busy to be refilling tables..']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yvonne T.', '3', "It's alright. Ho Tieu Nam Vang. Meh not bad, not great, just food."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Phil P.', '4', "This is probably one of the best vietnamese hu tieu places i've been to.  I ordered one of their most popular dishes, the hu tieu nam vang with xiu mai and chinese donuts. DELICIOUS. The broth was yummy! and so was the xiu mai. The food here was really great. A lot better than most places.  This place is usually really crowded with vietnamese people (alot of vietnamese men). They play vietnamese pop music here haha. Apparently this places is REALLY popular. I don't blame it.  One bad thing, the place where it is located (Alvin Center), has really bad parking. It is very difficult finding parking here. 99% of the time you have to wait for a car to leave to take its parking.."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Carlos F.', '5', 'Came here yesterday due to the high Yelp reviews.  I was not disappointed. The #1 is the bomb as many other had already stated! In addition, we also ordered the porridge and I would highly recommend trying it.  Love the sweet and tenderness of the porridge that reminds me of the food that I had in Asia.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'David A.', '3', "The food looks a lot better than it tastes, which is just kind of average.  I ordered the beef stew, and the soup looked (and smelled) rich...but tasted kind of watery.  There wasn't too much beef in it either--although to be fair, it wasn't that expensive.  It was like an entire bowl full of noodles though.  The soups are probably better than the a la carte (or rice plate) dishes.  We also got the mongolian beef and mixed vegetables...both pretty standard."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer N.', '5', 'Great service, yummy food, always leaving feeling recharged!! i crave for their hu tieu kho, (dry noodles).. *drools* the small portions are a little small.. so i always order a large.. with a side order or the xiu mai (meatballs) and the gio chao quay (chinese donuts? just deep fried bread).. and 2 cups of ice tea (i dont like to bother and have to ask for another later).']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica L.', '5', 'My love affair with Nam Vang started about 10 years ago.  My dear Cambodian girlfriend V introduced me to Nam Vang.  She said," they pay special attention to the noodle, it is al donte."   We went and sure enough their #1 rice noodle with all the fixings was great.  But, because the distance and such, I neglect to visit for quite some years.   More recently, I visited again and this time I am hooked.  I have to say the chef knows how to do it right in terms of number one with soup on the side.  Upon ordering, you are presented with this perfect bowl of noodle and a smaller bowl with meaty pork bone.  You dive into the noodle,  You experience this perfect balance of tasty sauce, thin rice noodle, ground pork, shrimp and other delicious fixings.  I like to mix in the little pickle green chilies to add some spicy punch.  Now onto the soup and bone, it reminds of simmer pork bone soup my mama used to make us as kids.  She took the time to slow cook the bone, so the meat falls off the bone while the soup retains all the flavor.   Now being a hu tieu fan, I have pretty much tried them all in the bay area.  Nam Vang is for sho the winner in my book.  I have to go get my fix once a week.  All other variations fail to satisfy my craving for Nam Vang,  It is like M&M just doesn\'t do it when you want Godiva.....: )']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Valeri N.', '5', "Yummy Yummy Yummy. This is my favorite spot to eat. It's a Vietnamese, Chinese, Cambodian fusion. The title means Phnom Penh, a city in Cambodia. I used to live in San Jose so I came here as often as I could. CHEAP and DELICIOUS.  It's not a pretty looking restaurant, but man the food is good. The eggrolls aren't like the eggrolls you can find at any other restaurant. You can tell they're homemade because they're a little bit sloppy looking. But the sloppiness makes the eggroll shell crisp up so goooood.  My favorite everytime-I-go-there order is Hu Tieu Mi Kho (Combination half rice noodle, half fat egg noodle dry). MMMmMMMm. I love the little pickled peppers they have on the side. I eat one pepper with every bite I take. The ground pork and fried garlic adds the extra flavor.  The side soup is the best I've ever had. They stick a beef bone in the soup and the meat just falls right off the bone! It has a wonderful aroma and flavor. Freakin GOOOOD! Definitely 2 thumbs up!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'SuperTalent M.', '1', "Just went their for lunch since we saw the 4-star rating .  We walked in and barely sat down.  The fat-boy waiter approached and threw the menu on the table and asked what we would want to order.  WTF?  We didn't even have a chance to look at the menu, so i told him to come back in 5'. Moments later, he came back.  We ordered their #1, one dry and one with soup.  After 20', the bowls came out.  We looked at them and raised our brows: the portions were small and the presentation was atrocious.  We hoped the taste would be better.  NOT.  Hu tiu was soaked and tasted like fermented soy sauce.  They were also STINGY with the beansprouts.  We asked for extra chinese celery and they charged 50 cents more.  Another WTF.  Oh yeah, the old & FUGLY cashier lady was rude.  He, oh I mean she, just thew the change back at us.  I thought she was the twin brother of William Hung. I guess whoever gave this place more than one-star rating was either blind or had no taste buds.  Anyway I still gave them a generous tip: 2 fking pennies.  Literally.  Hope with that tip, they can hire a new cook, a new cashier and buy a customer service lesson."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Uyen L.', '5', "This is my all time favorite restuarant to eat at. I have tried hu tieu kho (dry noodles) at many places but none have given me the same satisfaction that this place has given me. Even when I was in Vietnam 2 summers ago, their hu tieu was nothing compare to this place. Their number 1 special, hu tieu kho (the dry version) is absolutely DELICIOUS. I would recommend ordering it with a side of xiu mai (vietnamese meatball) & some chinese donuts. The taste of these different items goes hand in hand.  The staff that works here are extremely friendly as well. Even on pack days, the wait isn't very long. The only downside about it being pack is you might have to sit all the way in the back next to the bathrooms. The workers here are very fast and friendly. They would take your order within 5-7 minutes after you have been seated. Just enough time for you to browse the meau!  The only downside is that the area it is in is very compact and usually crowded, especially during the weekends and most of the time during noonish. Finding parking can be a bit hard but this place is definitely worth parking across the street and walking over for :) & if you're on a tight budget - this place is a good place to save some $ and have some good service w/ some delicious food!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Maggy C.', '3', 'Average customer service. Could done better.  Food is fast and tasty. Portion should be larger, regular size only filled me halfway. What a waste of my bucks']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Peter Y.', '4', 'Not sure where else they serve the special #1 noodle dish but that is the only thing I come for. Most people like the donuts and shu Mai dumpling on the side, but I just prefer the noodle, dry with half rice and egg noodle for contrast in texture. The only negative is that much like other typical hole in walls, the place could benefit from a disinfecting deep clean of the joint. Also the parking situation here usually sucks during peak eat times, so be prepared for uber aggravation when dealing with the local drivers. The panhandler outside the restaurant is also an unwelcome distraction when coming/going. -1/3 of a star for the aforementioned.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine H.', '2', 'After reading great reviews and having recommendations from my friends, I finally came in here to try their popular "Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho." Yeah,...I would say it was really good. BUT, this place seems to gross me out. Upon entering the restaurant, a whiff of stinkness hit me across my face. Once i took a couple steps into the restaurant, the whole place smelled like fish sauce for some odd reason (not sure if that\'s how its usually is, or maybe it was just my lucky day)!!! And if you ask for water, they will give you real tap water. I honestly don\'t mind drinking tap water, but theirs tasted really bad. I was afraid to finish it.  The place is also on the dirty/unkept side-- more than a typical  Asian restaurant. I sat there and didn\'t want to wonder my eyes because I was afraid I\'m going to see something and lose my appetite. It was that bad.  No matter how good the food was, if the place is visually-extremely- dirty, I don\'t think i can go back.   4 STARS: hu tieu 1STAR: restaurant\'s presentation overall: 2.5 star']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rita V.', '4', "Nam Vang is located in a small plaza.  It is right at the intersection of Alvin & Fontaine Rd.  There is a small parking lot in front of the restaurant. I came here for lunch with a group of friends.  The place looked a bit busy when we got there.  We got seated at a round booth near the door and window. The server came by with menus.  Since I read a lot of great things on dish #1, I decided to order that dish.  A small bowl is only $6. Our food came out super fast.  It took about 5 minutes! Since I ordered my dish 'dry', I got served a bowl of soup with a piece of meat floating in the soup.  The soup was really good. The noodles had a lot of different types of meat (shrimp, pork slices, beef tongue & liver, and ground meat).  The sauce tasted like soy sauce..lol.  The noodles was pretty good 'dry'. When my friend suggested pouring the soup into the noodle bowl, I decided to do try that.  When the soup was mixed with the soy sauce noodle, the dish seem to taste much better!   After we finished, we paid for our meals at the counter."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elizabeth V.', '3', "Food came out really fast and it was good but not the best hu tieu I've ever had. I prefer the restaurant on Alum Rock. For me, the noodles were too thin and had too much of a soy sauce flavor. The prices are dirt cheap and the portions are a good size however! And I know a lot of people are fans and have been coming here for years since it's a Vietnamese staple."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dal G.', '5', "This place has great food. Had the #1 special for breakfast this morning. They will ask you if you want it dry or wet. I took wet and it was fantastic. I'll be back the next Time I'm in San Jose."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anna L.', '5', 'Never was a fan of hu tiu nam vang but this is the best ever.   It is a must try']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'van t.', '3', 'The food there OK my mom and I usually order the hu tieu n the pork dumpling with Chinese fry donut. The soup broth do taste good, but the service there really suck; I wanted to order the beef sate dish but the waiter told me n my friend is not that good so order something else he keep telling us to order something else over n over again. I ended up order beef stir fry with noodle that really oily. I think my mom made better hu tieu then this place.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tien N.', '5', "Hands down, best nam vang! I always go here to eat Cambodian noodle, and it's like one of the most famous one. I like it dry, and they also give you a side bowl of soup that is really tasty. I kind of wish they had some garlic on the side other than hot sauce because I love my a lot of garlic. For my drink, I would get Sam no luong because it's so good you can't just forget about it. But go ahead, drink the soup because it is just as good ^_^"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Minh Phu N.', '2', "I've been there for the first time and must say I'm really disappointed.  Unfriendly staff,  not really happy to serve customers.  The meal is more and less ok."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sarah C.', '4', "I like their soup n meat bone. The meats r delicious. The egg noodle tastes like chlorine. I don't like soy sauce all over it which they put mixed in. Service is good but they don't understand you (English).  Very stingy n not generous serving. Feels like you only get 1/3 of their already tiny bowl. I like the celery. They sell meatballs (steamed) which is tasty but small."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'John Paul P.', '4', "After spending a month in Shanghai eating hand made noodles nearly eery day, I must say this is a place that nearly brings me back to the foodie bliss I was in for nearly a month. Recommended by my gf, we tried it out. It's actually not the easiest place to find, the first right from the Tully exit off 101 towards King. Didn't have any problems parking tonight, although it was a weeknight. What we had heard about here was the special noodles, #1 on the menu. You can get it dry or wet, and I recommend dry (they bring out the soup separately). The noodles here are well cooked, al dente, perfect amount of chew. I'm not sure if they're homemade or not, but well cooked either way. Only downside I had was that the noodles clumped together quite a bit more than I'd like. 4.5/5 There's a good amount of oily sauce without making it too oily (the noodles I had in China tended to have a lot of oil leftover after the noodles were gone, not the case here). Squeezing some lime over it really brings out the flavor. There is some ground meat, some choice pieces of meat (including liver), and two shrimp. Not bad, could have used a tad more meat in my opinion. 3/5 The broth that came was very average, actually tasted a bit on the spoilt side. The pork bone that came with the soup is a big hunk of bone with a decent amount of meat on it, I even teased out the tendon which was delicious. But the soup ... 1/5 for me. Cash only. Come and try the noodles!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chuck N.', '4', 'If you\'re tired of the usual San Jose pho spots and want to try a variation, come here. Get the #1 "nam vang" wet noodle soup and you\'ll see that it\'s part Vietnamese, part Cambodian. It has the pho noodles, but also contains tons of seafood, pork, a huge bone full of tender meat and more. $7.25 for a large. Worth a try.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tammy N.', '4', 'I come here for the dry hu tieu (cambodian noodles) with soup on the side. Very flavorful! I sometimes order siu mai, mash it up a little bit, and eat it with the hu tieu. I recommend trying it if you want meaty spoonfuls. =)  The place gets pretty cramped inside on the weekend and parking takes long to find. Cash only!*']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jen H.', '3', 'The food was good, but a little on the greasy side. I ordered the Dac Biet Nam Vang with the soup on the side.  I would have given this restaurant another star if the service was better and if the che (Asian dessert) we ordered was BETTER tasting. I guess I would come back for my fixing of Cambodia Vietnamese noodle soup:)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew C.', '4', 'We looked around. Everyone was eating the namesake Hu Tieu Nam Vang  even though they have other items like rice plates on the menu so when in Rome . . . Got a large #1 (their special Cambodian noodle dish) "dry" (soup on the side) with a siu mai and chinese donuts. The siu mai is basically a meatball and not like siu mai you might get at a dim-sum place (and maybe that\'s not the name and they just nodded because they knew what we meant). A couple spoonfuls of broth on the pad of noodles and a few mixes with the chopsticks and I was in business!! OK, maybe a sprinkle of fish sauce as well as removing the liver piece and cilantro (forgot to ask for none) and then I was in business! OK, then I added a little hot sauce . . . and some sprouts. Fine, it was a work in progress. You dragged the truth out of me!! The bowl of broth had a chunk of vertebrae in it which I thought was a nice touch. Everyone got a chunk of bone with some meat attached. Gnawed off some of the meat and enjoyed the donuts dipped in the broth. Yummy for my tummy!!  The place started half full and ended packed with mostly Asian folks which I think is a decent sign for a place you can trust!! Really tasty, probably 4.5 stars, but rounding down for the lackluster service including the effort it took to get our tea pot refilled.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dzung N.', '5', 'One of the best Hu Tieu in town. I really love their soup, taste like authentic foods in Vietnam']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cookie M.', '2', "Horrible food quality. I feel like eating left over in the fridge a month ago. What they did is super microwave the portion really hot that been left in the fridge for a while. My bowl almost burn my hand. The noodles, meats, and veggie is exactly what you expected if you over heat it: dry and hard block.  I understand that it's cheap but I wouldn't eat here again for the risk of my health. There are other restaurants with dishes under $10 that's much better. However, if you are into price over quality then this place is for you. For me at least I tried and giving my honest opinion."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elizabeth N.', '5', "Their dry noodles are the best! Dry egg and rice noodles Hu Tieu Mi Kho. WORLD FAMOUS! I've tried to replicate their noodles and to no avail. No other place that serves the dry egg and rice noodles can make it like Nam Vang. It looks so simple yet it's really hard! How do they do it!?"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Marvin G.', '5', 'This spot rocks!! I would prefer this over pho anyday. Nam vang hu tieu dry is the way to go!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steven H.', '5', "a trip to san jose wouldn't be the same if we didn't visit this hole in the wall noodle place. we love the house special hu tieu nam vang, make sure you ask for it dry. tip: this place is cash only"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rob Y.', '4', "Great find in San Jose.  We were driving around Lion Plaza and this place got some solid Yelp reviews so we stopped by for lunch.  It's in a smaller strip mall and typical vietnamese restaurant service (Server shows up at your table 30 seconds after giving you a menu asking 'Ready?'.  When you say no, they'll either walk away and not show up for another 10 minutes or stand right next to your table and wait until you're ready). On to the food.  Their specialty is the #1 and most people order it with the soup on the side.  I enjoy the satay beef soup which is HUGE.  The right amount of heat and good balanced flavor in the broth.  Some people love the shu mai here.  If you order it expecting like a dim sum/chinese shu mai, you're in for a surprise.  it's more like a big meatball in a light broth.  I'd pass on it, but it wouldn't hurt to try it out once. Definitely a solid place that's on our repeat list for lunch/dinner spots."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Norikka D.', '5', "I always get the hu tieu #1 dry. It's sooo good and yummy! Very tasty and different for me since I'm not Vietnamese. Also try a side of the the Chinese donuts as well as some xiu mai! You get your food right away since thats what everyone really orders. Make sure to bring cash because its CASH ONLY.  The only part that sucks is parking! Try not to go during lunch because its gets a little too packed. Enjoy!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', "This place is not much to look at (and unfortunately, not so clean) and there's ALWAYS a line out the door, but you'd be very hard-pressed to find another Vietnamese restaurant that serves their signature dry noodle bowl. And even if you did, it wouldn't be as delicious as they make it at Nam Vang.  So it's basically a bowl of cooked, thin, rice noodles. It's dry because the broth is served to you in another bowl on the side (in the bowl, you'll even get a chunk of bone with bits of tender pork to nibble - it's the bone that was used to cook the broth with). The noodles come with an assortment of thinly sliced meat and / or seafood like imitation crab or shrimp, bean sprouts, celery leaves, and drenched in a garlic-minced pork-soy sauce concoction. I highly recommend drenching it with lemon or lime as well. When it comes to you, you pour some or all of the broth in (I prefer a little at a time instead of all at once) and slurp. It's amazing. Def one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes. Even more flavorful than pho!   Cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tri V.', '5', 'I love this place! i live near here and i come here anytime i get the chance. i usually order the number 1 (dried) and some chinese donut and soup! I hope i come here again']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vannarith K.', '1', "Horrible dining experience.   The food was below average.   The service wasn't welcoming.  worse of all was when they started to stack up all the chairs on all the tables, while we were eating.   They swept under tables while we were eating.   I thought they get ready to close but it was 2:30 in the afternoon.   I would never go there again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christopher T.', '4', "Nam Vung makes a mean bowl of Hu Tieu but keep in mind that you still get exactly what you pay for. For 5-6 bucks compared to Da Lat you get exactly what you pay for. I miss the wider noodles of Da Lat but it's still a very tasty dish. When I went to pay for the two of us, it was like 13 something and was like 0__0 (you can get food for that cheap?!). It's really hard to decide between the two because of the massive price gap (double), considering Hu Tieu is much lighter than traditional foods, so you probably want to go out and snack afterwards (like me and Antoinette did LOLOL), but I'm going to have to side with Da Lat on this one guys. The broth here is saltier than what I am used to and they serve these AMAAZING pickled peppers on the side which totally will be the reason I come here. My friend kept ranting about how good they were here and I completely understand! I wish I tried their other foods here but I haven't been to an authentic vietnamese hole-in-the-wall restaurant since I visited LA and did the thing there."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anh D.', '4', "I love this place. My family and I used to come here once a month when we were little.  We always get the hu tieu Nam Vang #1 kho, which is their house special (hu tieu rice noodles #1 dry), which comes with a small bowl of broth on the side.  The thin rice noodles are springy and have a surprising amount of bite for being rice noodles. They are doused in delicious soy sauce (but tastes a bit sweeter than regular soy sauce), and is covered by delicious gizzards, octopus, shrimp, ground pork, slices of pork, and scallions.  A squirt of lime over the noodles, extra soy sauce if desired, and some Sriracha perfect a great meal.  For the bowl of soup that comes with the noodles, in which you will find a big bone and some meat to chomp down on (I want to say it's beef, but obviously I'm really terrible at identifying meats -- I just know what's delicious.), a bit of cilantro, and some scallions. The broth is very sweet and delicious, and is made even more delicious if you can get some Chinese doughnuts (gio chao quay) before they run out to dip into your broth to eat separately from the noodles. So good.  TIP: CASH ONLY. TIP: The portions tend to run small here; I usually can barely finish a small bowl, but here I order and finish the large. :) Love, love, love it here."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Landon N.', '4', "Been going to this place for years and the food always hit the spot very time. The restaurant itself and service is like a 2.5 but the food is def 4.5. Love the dry noodles with half yellow and rice noodles. Don't expect nice service and spotless utensils but do expect awesome authentic noodles."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'H T.', '4', "I love their Hu Tieu mi kho and their fresh iced soy milk! But I hate the customer service there, they're rude sometimes. But I don't blame them since I heard they don't get to keep their tips.."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sofi P.', '4', "Small place w/ big taste on flavors.  Its actually not that bad looking inside. This place is located on the busy streets of Tully but hidden inside a strip mall on Alvin. Upon entering this restaurant...its decently clean its not a huge dive, but its not cleanest. It has its own character.  I would have never discovered this place if it were not for my family. I came late and they were done eating but I saw my brother eating something very curious and I ordered the same thing. I got the Mi Nam Vang Dac Biet. When I first got it I was like WHATTT! The noodles and ingredients were smooshed together and clumped. After you mix up the ingredients it looks normal and tastes even better than it looks. The noodles, veggies, meat are all bended nicely together creating an extremely savory dish. Though I didn't eat the leftover ground meat because it was too oily for my tastes. The food here is also really cheap. Just around 5-7$ a dish. Or cheaper even. Service is fast and food is tasty cheap that will fill you up. I'd definitely come here again.  Yea.....if you're not into semi divey ethnic foods...its best to avoid the place because ....you might be off put by the atmospheres of the place, but if you're brave enough and want to try new things then its worth the trip."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dui N.', '1', 'I have sample many "hu tieu nam vang" noodle house in Vietnam, LA and San Jose. However, for some reason, I have not visit this place. My girl friend have try it and she said it was alrite. I decide to give it a try, a break away from our usual noodle house which we are regular after 6 yeard of finding a good place for the flawless hu tieu nam vang. Without further adue, this is why they got only 1 star from me. We order their popular hutieu nam vang kho, xiu mai and gio chao quay. The noodle was slightly undercook, they were not pulled once dip in the water, thus they all stick together in a glum of mess. Second, their mixing sauce was bland and too little. And dont make me start about their meat portion, I swear to you, my bowl have less meat than "my\' go~" in  Viet nam, if you know what I mean. I could get better portion else where for far less than what I\'m paying here. To be fair, I won\'t mention the other place name. For what it is worth, if you want to find out, read more on my other reviews. The only thing that is exeptable was their soup, with a lovely neck bone in it. Common, the store bear the name sake for the famous dish, perharps National dish, my favorite. It is not that hard to make the awesome mixing sauce, and don\'t skim on the meat. People will NOT come back once they have taste better.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elaine T.', '3', "Note to self: If you haven't gone to a restaurant in a while and you forgot why, it's probably because it wasn't that great to begin with.  My family and I used to frequent this restaurant a couple years ago but we suddenly stopped going. HELLLO CHINA CHEN.  I ordered the Hu Tieu Mi Bo Vien (dry). Maybe I shouldn't have done the dry part because the taste was lackluster. Also, there was no satay pepper sauce...silence*...so uh...wth am I supposed to add?! Anyway, for sure we won't be coming back any time soon. Onto new places!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vera W.', '5', "Yay I'm a fan! Enough has been said about their special #1 hu tieu (dry with soup on the side).  We also tried the siu mai (meatball) and chinese doughnut (you tiao / ca-kwe) but didn't find them special.  We'll definitely be back for the #1."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nina M.', '3', "The food are OK.  Nothing really to rave about.  I tried the com chien duong chau here and it was alrite.. quite oily but it wasn't bad either.  I also tried the com chien ca mang and well it was way too salty for my taste.  I didnt even finish half of the com chien duong chau.   Their mi kho was ok too.  It comes with soup on the side but if you go early then you would actually get a piece of meat but if you come after lunch they are out and the only thing you would get is just a bowl of clear soup.   Their xiu mai is good tho.  Comparing this place to Sai Gon on Story Rd.  I would say go try out Sai Gon for their mi or hu tieu kho.  At Sai Gon you can order the hu tieu kho and you would always get the meat in your soup no matter what time you come.   Overall I give this place a 3 stars because the food are just average to me.  Nothing to really rave about and the price is ok too.  Sai Gon price is actually a bit cheaper."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joanne C.', '4', "Went earlier in the day and all I have to say is definitely better food the second time around.. Chinese doughnuts were super FRESH and warm. I didn't order the dry noodles because it was so small and wasn't that great the first time.. This time I got Banh Lot? IDK how to spell it.. but it was noodle soup but the noodles were these slithers of something like rice stick noodles. They weren't really noodles either.. don't really know any other way to explain it though.. :/ But I really enjoyed it! Delicious and very few places in San Jose sell that dish!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'kim n.', '4', 'Been going here for years, and it\'s been consistently good.  I usually order their specialty, the dry version (soup on the side).  I don\'t care for the xiu mai (meatball) though, and on some days - their flavoring is just a tad too "soy saucy"  Just a little tip, add the pickled green pepper they have in those little jars.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Shannon L.', '4', "You only need to order 3 things here: -Cambodian dry noodles #1 (hu tieu nam vang) -Siu mai (meatballs) -Chinese donut My only gripe about the excellent noodle dish was the size.  The small is VERY SMALL!!  The large is also VERY SMALL!!  Despite my initial disappointment, I was full.  Everything else probably added to it.  Other than that, the flavors consisted of garlic and what tasted like hoisin sauce.  It reminds me of the dry noodle at Vien Huong in Oakland, except with different noodles.  Want to learn how to make it? Visit:  . The siu mai is so good.  You order them individually and usually one serves as a good size appetizer for one person.  Each one comes in its own little dish, sitting in a very flavorful broth.  I recommend dousing it with sriracha and the chili sauce for an extra kick but it can survive on its own. Last but not least, the Chinese donut.  Now there's nothing too special about these except they go great with your meal.  I normally only have it with porridge but I'm glad these were here... otherwise I'd still be hungry.  They're not oily but they are a little dry so follow others' advice and dip it in the soup.  It really is great that way. Don't expect the noodles to come out fast as pho.  It takes a bit of time which is another reason why you should order the siu mai.  The place is your typical Vietnamese restaurant--dirty and greasy floors--but what can you do?  The food is worth it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thomas N.', '4', 'Love this place. Dry noodles with soup on the side. Great for hangovers. Only problem is they run out of that bread thing I love quickski.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dorothy N.', '4', 'Forget about Da Lat, this place is the shiz. Their broth is tastier. They have xiu mai (meatball) too and it is so tasty, but they always run out in the evening.  Order the Chinese donuts and get dipping!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Victoria Y.', '5', "THANK YOU YELP! Trying to find a new restaurant and stumbled into this hole in the wall. They don't speak english here but that's fine. Ordered the crispy eggrolls and their dry noodle. YUM!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chris Y.', '1', 'worst service ever. i ordered chicken fried rice! and what came out was shrimp. how can anybody mess this up!! so i told the lady i ordered chicken not shrimp and then she said " i heard shrimp". so i asked, can i have chicken fried rice?  then she replied "we just ran out". i know she was lying, there is no question.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine T.', '4', "Who knew one bowl of noodles could just be so good.  To be honest, the Hue Tieu here is probably the best in San Jose. It's covered in flavor, oil, and meats which is what makes it.. well authentic.  A small bowl is pretty small, so I suggest getting the large. Even a small asian girl such as myself can finish a large bowl easily of this stuff.  This place may give off a dirty impression, but trust me the food is enough to suffice. The price is a bit pricer than any other average bowl of noodles so it does add up. -1star for knowing people will pay more than average for the necessity of their noodles.  One Hue Tieu Nam Vang (dry). You need to know nothing else."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anthony C.', '4', 'One of my favorite hu tieu restaurants. This place has been around for many years. I used to only get their dry hu tieu but for some reason I am changing my taste to the soupy hu tieu. Mix it in with the chinese doughnuts and ur golden. Plus it comes with the bone of meat that is always very tender and easily comes off the bone. My only gripe is that large needs to be bigger. My friend always orders extra noodles to get full. Quality over quantity i suppose.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anne J.', '4', "Nam Vang is both a food and a cultural experience for outsiders to the Asian community.  Don't expect pampering or even courteous service here.  Do expect an authentic setting. The noodle dish is everything other Yelpers describe - satisfying, flavorful, messy, and not too big a serving size.  They run out of Chinese donuts, so don't go with hopes too high for these. More aspects of the cultural experience of this strip-mall -  other stores might not be English-speaking, a tofu shop provides tasty packages to continue to enjoy the Vietnamese experience at home. It's not clear why this restaurant is listed in Yelp as Cambodian.  Even the store's business card calls it Vietnamese & Chinese."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Syd T.', '3', "My boyfriend took me here for some hu tieu (dry style) and I fell in love with hu tieu. We usually get that, the meatball thing, and chinese donuts. The flavoring in the noodles is so good, the meatballs are a nice touch, and the chinese donuts work well with the meal. The only thing is that at the end of the meal, you just feel greasy and sometimes even get a little stomachache. Why does good food have to be so greasy?! Parking sucks and there is always traffic getting off on Tully. Minus 2 stars for the parking & the greasiness. We have now found another place that is less greasy, is closer, has parking, and lets me continue with my love for hu tieu! I don't know the name though .."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nina L.', '2', '2 stars for  their best  Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho^ and Com Chien Tay Ca^m`. I only come here for these two items. I have tried many restaurants but have not found one has the same or better Hu Tieu Nam Vang than this place. Also their bathroom is not bad, not shinely clean but not disgusted as other Asian fast foods/restaurants such as Thanh Huong for example, been there once and would the last time I would step my foot in their restroom. Wanted to throw up all my lunch after visiting their restroom, and so scared to eat their food since then. At Nam Vang restaurant, they normally sit you very quickly as you walk in and start taking order, no long waiting for tables and menu. Lask weekend I came with my little toddler and had 3 orders of my fav dishes.  When I came to pay the bill and asked for 3 to-go boxes or little cups, the woman owner at the register was so cheap and stingy, gave me only 2 little ones.  Gosh, her face is always like she is mad and doesnt want to do this job or hates her own customers and dont want them to come again cuz it bugged  her or something,... no smiles, no saying Hi/Bye, just acting mad, mean and cold.  Dont know why are these people doing restaurants business when they dont know what the heck is a good customer service. They need lots of training and schooling on this issue. And the sad thing is that it happens to all Vnamese and Chinese fast food and resraurant chains.  They recently have this young man as a waiter. He is alright, not so rude or lazy, but the problem is I think he might be just coming from the country and not well trained so he\'s not used to the sanitary to handle food. I asked him for a bigger to-go box cuz the one the owner gave me did not fit my left over and there was no way I could close the cover. It was so dumb that instead of go get me another one, he approached my table kind of to check for the truth of what I was saying was right, howerver he actually sticked his finger on my food to check to make sure if he could push the pork bone down on the soup so the cover will fit. My goshness.....Jesus Christ..... cant you believe that? I saw him do that felt shocked and speechless it\'s so sudden I could just roll my eyes. Of course I had to throw my left over away. On the way out and still in the car, I saw the same waiter carried bags of trash to the dumpster outside the restaurant. Curious if he would wash his hands with soap after handling trash before start his waiter task again. But I doubt it he wont, disgusted.  Thats why homemade food are better, healthier and cleaner even though not tasted as good as restaurants. Also there was a special incident happened that night after I came home. I threw up all the food I consumed at the restaurant. it had never happend before. The only reason I could think of was because this was the first time I came there at late evening/night time about 8pm, just one hr till they\' closed, therefore  the food might not be as fresh as during daytime.  It would take me a long time from now to be able to come back again. And if I would it\'ll sure be early not late evening. Oh.....one interesting and good point that I just remember was that they played a very good song of Viet Khang from Asia Music. The popular song "Viet Nam to^i da^u ?"  "Where is my Vietnam?" was playing and singing by my fav singer Dan Nguyen.  A meaningful song and a warm and beautiful voice of the singer  made me happy to enjoy the meal. That\'s the best part of that night.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Donovan T.', '5', 'This place is awesome.  Been eating here since I was a young child with my family, and I still come back. One of the better Vietnamese restaurants in my opinion. Food is really cheap.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Princess N.', '4', "#1. Hue Thieu Nam Vang. That's all you need! I use to live in San Jose, and every time I visit here, it's mandatory that I come here. It's soOOoo good. Whatever sauce they use, I'm going to have to steal their receipe one day!  Took down one star because the utensils can be a little cleaner.. Remember to bring cash!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kelly S.', '5', "I LOVE eating the dry combination Phnom Penh noodles! Like most other Asian families, my family got together on Sunday's to go eat noodles; we considered this our 'bonding time'. Also, it was a FREE outing from mom/dad, so you really can't turn it down!  I've tried oodles and oodles of noodles and this is by far one of the best! Aw kun Nam Vang! You make my belly happy."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trinity V.', '4', 'The hieu tieu is definitely delicious here. Best in town i believe. A hole in the wall type of restaurant. So do not expect it to be clean. They gross me out every time.Their service is not good either but the food is very worth it. No other place have the green pickled chile which is very delicious with their hieu tieu kho.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'L D.', '5', "I LOVE THIS PLACE! I came to this spot EVERYDAY when i was pregnant and always order #1 soup on the side with Chinese donut. Hit the spot every time.. Owner & workers are very friendly gets you seated right away. Don't no how it is during the day but I'm sure there's no parking that's why i go in the morning cuz its not pack."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Inde A.', '4', "Came here for dinner and tried the grilled beef with vermicelli noodles. It was delicious and the portion was generous. The interior of the restaurant does look a bit shabby, but that wouldn't stop me going back. The food is definitely authentic and very good. I stopped by on a weekday evening and they were not very busy. Service was ok, nothing special."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Agent X.', '4', "I normally come here later in the day for dinner, but recently I came for lunch and the parking was a serious nightmare.  Since there are so many businesses, the parking spots are assigned to each store and reserved for their customers only.   Everyone in this plaza parked where they pleased, which included nonexistent parking spots and red zones.  We had to park around the corner near Chuck E Cheese...in a curb spot that said no parking.  Since there were at least 10 other cars breaking the rule, and we were hungry, we just did what we had to do and headed for Nam Vang.   What's worth all the parking trouble and possible ticket?  The number one with the soup on the side.  I love this dish enough to park in an illegal spot, and I'd do it again ;)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chinda P.', '4', "If you ever want to try some Cambodian noodles this is the place to be. Try #1 with soup on the side. It's good!  The siu mai is great too!  FYI: Parking gets pretty crazy here, so come early."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'D T.', '5', "JUST GET THE #1 on the menu. Hu teiu with soup on the side I just love the way they prepare it. The noodles sprinkled on with soy sauce. The thought of it just makes me drool. The flavor DEFINITELY is different than the best hu tieu down here in socal. This place is unique in it's flavor. It's a must try if you are a noodle lover like me! It's cheap and fast. Can't go wrong with it. Service: Bad. The servers just don't speak english, but it's OK. Just order #1!  FOOD: Satisfied. Just make sure you don't come too hungry.. PARKING: BAD. Always packed and really small considering the amount of shops they have around there."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Meo M.', '1', "don't know why this place got 4 stars. MSG broth instead of real bone broth"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joyce C.', '5', "YES YES YES! Best noodle soup in the south bat, if not norcal. And so cheap! Don't come here for service, they will rush you, expect you to order as soon as you're seated, and throw down your meal (without spillage) - but it is better than most shady hole in the walls. Ambiance and decor? Think your typical Pho Hoa. Always wipe down the utensils you use, just in case.  BUT THE FOOD! I always get #8 combination (seafood?) cambodian egg noodle soup (broth not on side). Flavorful broth, with lots of noodles, meat, and seafood. I came here weekly for three months and still never got tired of it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sandria T.', '4', "Been here a couple of times and really like their hu tieu nam vang. Broth is tasty and portion size is good. The place itself isn't very pretty and the servers aren't friendly, but they're not rude either. Just whatever. Come for the food and leave with a happy stomach."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer H.', '4', "To my knowledge, Nam Vang kind of wins by default because there are no other known places that has tasty Cambodian Viet noodles. However, judging Nam Vang on it's own, i would say i'm a regular. It's a very simple restaurant with no frills, just straight to the point when it comes to their food. I always get the hu tieu nam vang, with the soup on the side. i never had a bad experience with their food and am always satisfied. Although, I get pretty thirsty afterwards. Nam Vang is a go in my book, especially if you want to try something that isn't available everywhere like Pho or Bun Bo Hue."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dang-Khoa H.', '1', "AHHHHH! WTF HAPPENED TO NAM VANG?! I ate here when I was younger and always remember it being the place to be for Hu Tieu. So my lovely girlfriend wanted to try this place since her cousin thought it was pretty good and since I haven't ate here for years, lets go! It was a Saturday night... the place was semi-empty. The place was dimmed. I thought I was at a Vietnamese coffee shop or in some kind of gangster Chinese movie. I asked for ice water while we decide what to order off the menu... the water never came. We decided what to eat, I look at my bowl... It was mainly broth if anything it might of just been water. It was flavorless that I had to put a lot of sauce in to make it somewhat tasteful. Noodles, plenty. Meat? Seafood? barely any. God. They played me. I always thought Nam Vang was a consist restaurant, but shit, this was a bad experience. I felt hella bad for my girlfriend, she didn't enjoy eating it, and I was still hungry."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hang N.', '5', "First off, location sucks, parking is horrible. Second, the place is small, semi-dirty. BUT they still are crowded all the time! It's that good! Can't go wrong with the hu tieu nam van, with a side of siu mai, and chinese donut!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thanh N.', '5', "I never was a fan of hu tieu and didn't found out about this place until my brother took me during one of our lunch break. My first experience can only be explain in one word...WOW.  We both order the hu tieu with xiu mai and it was brought out fairly quick. The broth that comes out with the noodles taste so heavenly with the chinese donuts and i quickly devour my plate. I wasn't a big fan of the xiu mai but I still ate the whole thing. This place get fairly crowded during lunch time so be sure to come early! The service wasn't all that great but who cares when you know you're going to eat some delicious food! This place probably made hu tieu one of my favorite food. Gotta try this yourself."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Trang T.', '5', "Hu Tieu Nam Vang (kho) is the only thing I always eat here! I've tried the same dish at several other restaurants in the south bay but nothing compares to it here. Prices are very decent, about $6-7 dollars a bowl. It comes with soup on the side if you get it dry. Sometimes they give you a (pork?) bone with the soup and sometimes they don't.  It's an asian restaurant so you don't really expect much when it comes to customer service. Cash only! Its very busy if you go on the weekend so expect a wait. The workers tend to clear tables and clean up fast so if there even is a wait, it usually isn't that long."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sharon G.', '4', 'Love this place and their dry noodle! They also have this "meatball" you can order on the side which is very good. I haven\'t tried their other dishes besides the pho.  They have a variety of food on the menu which can seem... What\'s the word.... Intimidating. I suggest if you come here, you go with someone who has been there or  can speak Vietnamese/Cambodian so they can translate for you.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thao L.', '4', "My mom used to take me here at least once a week when I was younger, while we were still living in san jose. We were literally a 5 minute walk away.  I remember her liking both the Hu Tieu Nam Vang, and the Bun Bo Hue.  But, me... I only remember the Hu Tieu. I drool just thinking about it.. When it comes to noodle soup, the soup better be good. It'll make it or break it! And they have the soup on lock! Delicious! A must try in San Jose"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Aniko N.', '4', 'I usually order hu tieu dai combo. Its very good, high recommended this restaurant.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy H.', '5', "I loooove this place! I grew up eating here with my family. I always get hu tieu nam vang. Its so amazing and yummy!  it can get super loud sometimes and sometimes you get the bad tables like the ones near the bathroom but its not like you can smell anything bad, you know?  Lol anyways this place never disappoints! It might be hard/awk to order if youre not viet tho haha.  My parents love going here for lunch with my sisters and I. The staff is really nice, they always say hi and ask us how we're doing. (maybe cos we've been coming here for years lol) Anyways I really recommend this place! I love taking my friends to eat here :] I saw Van Son & Bao Lim here before! It was super cool hah but they entered the place right when I was about to leave :("]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chrissy N.', '5', "This place is a San Jose staple. It's been here for as long as I can remember and I can see why. It has a VERY strong fan base and serves some of the most delicious yellow noodles you'll ever have. I like the mi co (Spelling?) It's the dry yellow noodles (w/o broth). It's delicious. When a place has been opened for as long as this place has and always has a line out the door...there's gotta be a reason. The service is typical hurried Viet waiters, but eh, whatevs. The food makes up for it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim Q.', '1', "I hate this restaurant!!!!!! Bad food, bad service. We came here last night and we ordered 2 hu tieu nam vang kho. We said the waiter  that did'nt take too much soy sauce but they didn't do that. Omg, too salt!!!! The waiter told me that not  their fault!!! They didn't say sorry or do something. We never ever came back"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Josh W.', '3', "This was the first time I've had hu tieu so I didn't know what to expect.  My friend really likes this place so I had some high expectations going in.  I have to say I was a little disappointed.  Probably because they ran out of some of the other popular items (such as the chinese donut) and maybe because I'm just not a big fan of hu tieu. The hu tieu is a rice noodle dish served with some meat, shrimp and other veggies.  The sauce covering the noodles pretty much makes the dish and I wasn't a fan.  It was good, but not as tasty as other similar dishes I've had in the past.  The soup it came with was tasty though.  It was just a simple bowl of pork broth which was just delicious.  Overall I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could.  It's good but nothing great to me."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kess C.', '4', "I like this place. So did my dad. My dad is old school cambodian, so if he likes it, you know it must be good. My dad had the soup and he really enjoyed. I didn't think chow fun was all that though. Stick to their soup and you'll be all right. 4 stars without a doubt."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nam N.', '4', 'I\'ve been going here for years and funny thing is, I only order one dish which is one of the best they have in San Jose. Get the "Hu Tieu Kho" and you won\'t be disappointed. I love this dish and would recommend it to anyone.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nina M.', '1', "I have had my fair share of amazing cambodian-vietnamese food and this place totally let me down. Check this; crazy busy, and still the food and service was crappy. I can totally do bad service and amazing food, but both, and plus it was pricey because we ordered everything yelp people recommended, so we didn't have that chance of getting the wrong thing all in all, it was garbage. I really don't know why there is so much hype?"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Norman P.', '3', "Had the Hu Tieu Kho It was ok, but nothing out of this world. Come to think about it, I probably should have added a little of the soup to the dry noodles to help them break up a little bit (i dont like when my noodles are extremely glued together), and I should have added a little bit of hot sauce to the noodles. Maybe that will work for you if you're not getting too excited about the noodles after your first couple bites. I'm willing to give it another try, so you might see an update to this review."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thermo S.', '4', "This place is a hole-in-the-wall chinese/cambodian/vietnamese restaurant but the food is good. My mom loves coming here for their noodle soup. My siblings and I come here for #16, the chow fun. Food is pretty consistent and their Cambodian chow fun is awesome.  The place is not the cleanest and the seating is a little tight, but that is to be expected. I'm here to eat some good Cambodian / Trieu Chau chow fun, not to admire the decor!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana L.', '5', 'OMGGGGGG --  I love love love love love eating here. Don\'t be discourage by their curb appeal. It taste a lot better than how the restaurant looks.  #1 Dry (with the soup on the side), Chinese Donuts, "Siu Mai," and cooked bean sprouts. Drools!!!! Thinking of it now -- Im going to have it for lunch today!! :D If you order it just like I did... what you expect to get is your noodles in a bowl, with a side soup that has a bone. I love the soup, its so sweet and savory that I also ask for an extra order of the soup. If you do not like bean sprouts I suggest you to order a large.  The Chinese Donuts go perfectly with the soup. I like to throw a few Chinese donuts in and let it absorb the broth.... and patiently wait to pop those bad boys in my mouth. Some like it just barely glazed for they love the the crispiness of the Donut. I say try it both and find out which you like.  Their "Siu Mai" is not the traditional siu mai you would get when you\'re having dim sum.  What comes out in a sauce cup (whatever you call it) with a ball of meat and I believe its diced winter melon. Its so good. You could share this with someone else. :) Yummmm.....  I could have this once a week... wished I only worked closer otherwise Id be there ALL the time. CASH ONLY!!!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Michelle Z.', '5', "Thank you yelpers!  We ordered the #1, soup on the side, #4 beef stew and a meatball.  Great food! The broth with the #1 was rich and meaty in flavor -- excellently done!  I never finish the broth in pho, so it was great to have a dish where you can add the broth to your taste.  My broth had a bit of the spinal bones with amazingly tender meat on it.  The condiments were perfect, loved the vinegared pickles at the table. The #4 beef stew had a variety of beef meats, with lots of tender and succulent parts (some tendon -- yum!) and an even better broth than the #1.  Like #1 it was rich and meaty in flavor, but had a deeper complex spicing (star anise?).  The meatball was moist and rich, pork mixed with water chestnuts, onions and peas. We went late on a Sunday night (they are open until 9pm) and the restaurant and parking lot was nearly empty (so this is when you should go to avoid traffic and crowds in this popular and congested area).  Also, keep in mind this place is cash only. We'll have to go back again, earlier, and try the chinese donuts -- don't want to leave any of that delicious broth behind!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dan N.', '5', "I've been going to this place with my family since an infant.  Quality is consistent and broth is da bomb.  Make sure you order their special."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lisa N.', '4', "The noodles here are great! It's a different taste and it's the only place I can get this type of soup with this noodle! It looks old and run down inside but the food is amazing! I get it with the chinese donut and dip it into the soup. Some people prefer the soup come in a separate bowl from their noodles. I prefer it with the soup already in the bowl. It's just preference. Its a bit saltier when the soup comes in a different bowl.  You can also get different types of noodles here. There is Mi(yellow noodles) and Hu Tieu. I personally don't like the hu tieu with the soup. I like the Mi alot better.  Of course the servers are Vietnamese so don't be expecting great service."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tony D.', '4', 'Small restaurant that is all business.  Come her to get your grub on.  There is no distractions such as loud music or flashing lights, just good food.  I highly recommend the soupless noodles with meat arrangement (you are probably better off not knowing what the meat is if you are not asain)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thu T.', '5', "I come here for one thing and one thing only!  The hu tieu nam vang which I believe is #1 on the menu.  You can have it wet or dry (with soup on the side).  I personally love mines dry.  My fiance ordered it wet onces and he was jelly that my dry one taste better lol.  My sister introduced me to this little hole in the wall place sometime in the early 2000 and I've been addicted to it since.  I've even gotten my niece in NY addicted to it when she came to visit.  OMG I'm drooling just writing this review.  K gotta go get some now!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khanh M.', '4', "This is one of my favorite local places to go for noodles. I usually get their hu tieu nam vang which is their signature dish. The broth is flavorful and definately hits the spot for a hungover lad, forget pho! The only downside is that it's not the cleanest of restaurants, but what authentically good place is? And they skimp on the toppings for sure. The parking situation sucks on a weekend because it is a very popular hot spot that is sandwiched in between other popular vietnamese shops.  Hu Tieu Nam Vang (Wet, not dry)- 5 stars Meatballs - 4 stars Pickled green chilis - 5 stars!! Can't eat hu tieu  without it.  Ambiance - 1 star I could eat hu tieu nam vang everday if  I wanted, an actual vietnamese dish that I could never get sick of."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Veronica V.', '3', 'great food, bad service, what do you expect from a hole in the wall. i got the hu tieu nam vang kho, it was a little bland, not enough of the sauce, i wouldve asked for more, except i couldnt seem to flag down a waiter. -_- my friend got the pho ap chao, that was yummy. i might come back just to get that.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', 'Best of the best! I am always craving their Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho. The broth is so delicious and savory. Everyone gets their own bone from the broth.  Portions are indeed small, however. I would still pay good money to eat here once a week, if possible. (:']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'sonya h.', '4', "Like every other review here..I only come here when I crave the Hu Tieu Nam Vang...I always order it with the soup on the side..sooo yummy..they are quick but always crowded on weekends around lunch time...parking is tough... but if you come at night it's usually fine.."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mey S.', '5', "It's official this place is better than pho and VH noodles (Oakland chinatown)! I am over the heels addicted to their Cambodian noodle soup, pair that with a side order of their Chinese donuts and I'm in heaven for a good 12 minutes as I devour the soupy goodness. Yea, the place looks run down. Do I care? No. This ain't no fancy smancy restaurant where you go to impress your date, it is however a place for you to go when your hungover and want some yummy noodle soup. =)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wen T.', '5', "I hold a very special place in my heart for this place because I have been eating here since I was probably eight years old. It seems that this is also the case for a lot of other reviewers too. This place is just that type of place - for families and for consistent food you've known since you were young. Their broth has pretty much remained the same - flavorful and delicious.  I always order a large hu tieu nam vang. When I was younger, I would order it dry and have the soup on the side (with the meat bone in it), but as I grew older, I stopped preferring the dry style.  Oh, in the mornings, it is recommended that you order their siu mai and chinese donuts. It is so good to have as an appetizer or eat it alongside the hu tieu. Yummm. In all the years that I have been here, I have never ordered anything else except for the hu tieu nam vang, siu mai, and chinese donuts."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Johnny T.', '2', "The hu tieu is decent, although I don't feel full after finishing the bowl due to the small portion.... However, the customer service is absolutely HORRIBLE. Their bad attitude is apparent and not tolerable. Highly doubt that I'll be coming back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diana P.', '4', "I've been to this place eversince I was a kid. The only thing I order here is Hieu Thieu Nam Vang Kho. The place is run down and some of the decorations have stayed on the wall for over 10 years but besides that the food is still great as I remembered it!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angela L.', '4', 'Something unique to try! I have never had Cambodian food before, so this was a real treat. I was craving some type of noodle soup, so my aunt and cousin took me here. I definitely would not have come here myself, so I am glad they introduced me to something new.  The atmosphere definitely leaves something to be desired. The place is a hole in the wall and in more ways than one. The place seems a little dirty, the service is non-attentive (took us 15 or so minutes to receive our food; and we had to ask for it), and it is loud and packed.  However, do not let that discourage you; the food is well worth it. I would suggest ordering the hu tieu nam vang dry (meaning noodles and soup separate). This way you can truly appreciate the unique flavors of the noodles. We also ordered the meatball, which I found to be really flavorful as well. Overall, I would come here again to enjoy the unique noodle dish. For less than $10, you will have a great meal!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ellen N.', '3', "I am a noodle lover and this place definitively has delicious stock and great texture in the noodles. Its a very addictive place. I had it every day for one whole week. Crazy, I know but what can you do if you love good tasting noodles.  However, be careful you may get stomachaches from the food.  I am guessing that the cook is really dirty.  I had these noodles throughout my life and sometimes I would have stomachaches.  So it's a hit or miss. I would have rated this place higher. but the pain is to much. I don't eat there anymore. Instead, I just go to Mi La Cay."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Av A.', '5', "How nice, my 100th review for the restaurant that served me my first meal of 2010. :] The Hi Tieu Nam Vang [dry w/ soup on the side] here is amazing, add some chilis. . have some chinese donuts with that and you'll be in heaven, guaranteed. If I lived closer, I'd probably go here every week!! The prices are fairly cheap and the service is okay.. Parking can be a bitch regardless whether they're busy or not. If you have a big appetite order a Large because the portions run a little on the small side, but damn for the food being that good its hard for that to be a complete hassle.  Great for a quick bite to eat, highly recommended!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elle T.', '4', 'best hu tieu ever! i always order it in lrg dried with the Chinese donut and dip it in my soup. i love the "see mai" don\'t know how to spell but that\'s how you pronounce it.. cons: weekends its hard to find parking and they don\'t have saucers to put your sauce in, stupid..']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tony H.', '5', '5 stars for the food! I had this place today for the 2nd time and wonder why Ive never heard of Cambodian/Vietnamese noodles. Must be one of those things that are sooo good people keep it a secret =P. So when we got there we ordered a #1 half yellow and half white noodles with soup on the side. Personally I like the yellow noodles more but they are both delicious so I would recommend half n half. The soup on the side is amazing and so is the piece of pork bone that comes with it. I got a large and the portions are kinda small with pieces of various meats and parts including 2 small pieces of shrimp. I couldnt imagine what the small is so dont even bother. The sauce in it is good too but add chili and youre MONEY!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancy H.', '4', "The Hu Tieu here is HEKKA good! I always get it dry with the soup on the side.  This is probably one of the only places I will go for Vietnamese food because this is the only dish my mama doesn't make!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrea T.', '4', 'Love their Cambodian noodles! Grew up eating here and my parents always get the Cambodian noodles so I decided to try one day and I fell in love!  The shiu-mai was good and flavorful and the Chinese donut is always nice and crispy.  I usually get the dry noodle that comes with a side of the pork soup, which is sooo good!  It is always packed when I come in but the service is usually quick but the wait is worth it!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'David D.', '5', "Best Nam Vang in all of town! Hu Tieu with soup on the side, some chau way (vietnamese bread) to dip in your soup and eat with the noodles. That is all you need to know, and I dump like at least 15 of those yummy green peppers and a couple teaspoons of the red ground chilli to make the meal PoP, lmaol. great food never tried anything else, you wouldn't have to =D"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angeline H.', '4', 'Pretty good Hu Tieu!  Tastes good price is cheap. Packed during lunch so be prepared to wait at times. Go see for yourself!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jacky K C.', '3', "has the cambodian noodle, to compare: yummy restaurant is better.  I would go there instead, although there's other foods on the menu haven't tried."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nancie T.', '5', 'I had my most romantic meal ever with my boyfriend at Nam Vang last night. It was a quiet Wednesday evening and the bf wanted me to try this cambodian vietnamese noodle that, according to him, beats the typical pho hands down. We walked in and the restaurant was empty.. no other patrons on this casual Wednesday evening, just me and him. "Honey, suprise! I booked the whole restaurant just for us" he exclaims. We sat down and the waitress (owner?) gave us the menu. He swiftly ordered the "special #1". Our order came in a record 1 minute and 27 seconds.  As we start slurping the noodles, the bf asked me, "Isn\'t this romantic? Its just me and you in this whole restaurant". I looked across the table at him adoringly while a vietnamese rendition of "Careless Whisper" played in the speakers and our table was adorned with the usual plastic red rose. Romantic, indeed.  Our bill came up to $14.65. You will never get that French Laundry!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anthony L.', '5', 'The BEST Hu Tieu and Xiu Mai in South San Jose. I have nothing to complain about it, except their SMELL. I always smell like a Hu Tieu after eating here. It will DEFINITELY better if they can do something to reduce the LINGERING smell in their restaurant :) P/s: After eating there, you guys should RESHOWER before meeting your mates LOL :))']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'D H.', '5', 'Hu Tieu with beef knuckle.  Beefy, chewy, spicy and rich.   Shrimp on cake of noodles. Outstanding.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Oanh L.', '5', 'okay, ive gotten a lot of shit from my friends for living in San Jose for 21 years and never having Hu Tieu Nam Vang here. and i seriously deserve it!! haha. finally tried it last week and it was realllllllly good. my friends just ordered for me. and i just nodded... thanks friends!  get the noodles "dry" with soup on the side. wetter is not ALWAYS better']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Hello G.', '4', "I love their food, my boy friend got me hooked and let me tell you I really got hooked. Their Number 1 with anything is good. I have yet to try anything else but number 1.  The services are fast and the food time is right. I guess there's really not much i can say about this place beside they keep to their words when they tell you that it's good.  IF you were to order number 1 get some meat ball with the yellow bread that comes with it and of course get it dry with the soup separate.  The place isn't all that clean or does it look like it's a shining palace, i probably wouldn't recommend sitting next to the bathroom or near that area just because it's dark and for your own enjoyment. =)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Dennis C.', '5', 'OOOH snap! cambodian noodles FTW. this stuff is HEAVEN. i take this over pho ANY day! anyway, this place has always been a popular spot for cambodians and viets. cause the owners are cambodian but from vietnam or something like that. always seems crowded. the place isnt that nice, but its  kept clean,plain and simple. good spot to hit up for a quick lunch. you GOTS to get the #1 cambodian style noodle soup "dry". this is it, better holler at this or else youre gonna waste your visit. bye-bye pho!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Debbie M.', '4', "Ok, talk about a hole in the wall. You're not going to this place for ambiance that's for sure. And I caution you to to a double check on the chopsticks and utensils cuz you might find someones leftovers. But damn their Cambodian rice noodle dish is the bomb! So good. Not to mention the soup that comes with it. I mean the meat just falls off the bone. We go here at least 1 a week. This place gets busy, but it knows how to keep people movin. Oh, this place takes cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Shirley N.', '2', "I'm not a huge fan of their Hu Tieu here, it wasn't memorable for me. The last time i came here, the food was okay. There wasn't much flavor, very bland. I found myself adding a lot of sauce to make up for that. Noodles we're too dry, and in the end i didn't finish my food. The soup that came along with it was decent. It's definitely a hit or miss, i do want to come back and give this place another try and maybe opt for yellow noodles instead."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sam L.', '4', "Yummy noodles! Its almost as good as mom's. I usually get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho; dry, soup on the side. Very flavorful and I like the garlic/shallots they put into it. But its chewy clear glass noddles with some pork bones, a few slices of pork, ground pork, shrimp, liver slices, and an oily soy sauce. Add some of the greens and bean sprouts with a splash of the soup to get things going and dig in! The soup doesn't come out as hot as I like but its flavorful and doesn't seem to have any MSG.  I usually don't eat a whole lot but I finish the regular size bowl here so servings are a bit on the small size. So go ahead order a large! Hah. Another note, the dau chao quy or fried Chinese donut is usually for rice porridge but its good with the Hu Tien Nam Vang with the soup. The location isn't the greatest, small Asian center/strip mall. Parking is a bit challenging during peak hours. Its decently clean for hole in the wall and the service is fast and good, even if you don't know any Vietnamese. And remember cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'T. C.', '4', "Restaurant is dirty, tables are arranged so closed to one another, but this is best hu tieu nam vang.  I can't get enough of their vinaigrette green pepper.  I must admit, when I eat here, I usually take at least 1/2 of the container.  They also cook their meat so tender, it falls of the bones."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andrew T.', '5', "Best Hu Tieu in San Jose! This place has been around for a while, and I don't even know why i haven't been here until the past year. I usually get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang with broth, not dry. Make sure you ask for the bread to eat along with your hu tieu also. The broth is just so good! I usually don't drink the broth when eating noodles, but here i do drink most of it because it's that good."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Derrick V.', '3', "Probably an authentic example of Hu Tieu Nam Vang soup, as the clientele would indicate. It definitely is a downhome spot, and the soup has a homey, rustic feel to it. However, I didn't find it particularly great, but I guess I'm partial to the more refined versions I've had in Oakland and Garden Grove. I went with the #1, with soup inside and the waiter upsold me to the meatball and doughnut add-on.   Broth - The pork broth was slightly murky, with a heavy feel to it, garnished with fried shallots, dried shrimp, and scallions which added some complexity.  Noodles - Rice noodles or a wider hofun style noodle are the only options I believe. I had the fresh rice noodles, a good amount in my large bowl. Protein - A pork neckbone with some meat removed was the centerpiece of the bowl, there were also slices of pork, pork liver, a couple of small shrimp that weren't very fresh, and ground pork.  The homemade pork meatball was fairly large, with bits of garlic studded in, pretty tasty. Garnishes - Raw sprouts, celery with leaves, and a lime. Doughnut was oil free and sliced, pretty good. I think my main gripe was more so with the broth, as I make this type of broth fairly frequently at home. I pride myself in the clarity of my broth, but it also gives the broth a nice lightness that I didn't find here. I'll try Dalat next."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'tee w.', '3', "I would give this place 5 stars, but minus one star for the tiny portion, and another one star for the cleanliness.  If this place is a little bit cleaner, I would probably eat here more often. Also, the portion is really small for noodle place in US. Maybe they portion the food in asian style.  The noodles are good, the broth is good, and pickled pepper on the table is good. Don't forget the chay quay to dip into your soup. yum yum."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenn N.', '3', "PROS:  Good authentic Cambodian noodles! Super yummy, you can taste every single spice they use. Its a bit sweet, salty, spicy, tangy, totally satisfies your hunger! Don't forget to order a side of the Chinese donut to add to your bowl. I am a very healthy, non-fried food eater but there is no way you can pass up the Chinese donut! It's like going to a steak house and ordering a veggie burger!! It's just not right!  CONS:  The place is a a tad small, and not the cleanest place because they food is really cheap but you get good food!  FINAL ANSWER: Go! and don't forget those Chinese Donuts!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda P.', '2', "Decent food, but it felt like the workers were afraid to give me extra sauce for my Hu Tieu Mi Kho. Had to ask 3 different waiters for extra sauce and the first 2 gave me this crazy ass look and never bothered getting it. Seriously, it's just a mix of cheap ingredients. They only give you a spoonful extra in a dipping sauce plate anyway."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Darlene D.', '3', "I like their hu tieu kho or their hu tieu sate. I've taken away 1 star for their bad service and another star for how they charge for extras, like for more lime."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'John N.', '3', 'I wanted to eat Mi after our massage so we decided to go here. The place was decent and we order the Mi Nam Vang which was good. The soup was tasty w.beef bones in it. The noodle itself was good but not outstanding. I am just glad that I got my Cambodian noodle in before started headed down to Southern Cali.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Judy K.', '5', "When out of state relatives come to town, this is where my family always brings them. It's a bit rundown looking. Bathroom is disgusting, and tap water is UGHHH... Not much decoration to look at... Tables are sticky, the wait sucks on weekend mornings and noontime. BUT IT'S OKAY, its all GOOD, because the food is SOOO DELICIOUS. I always order the #1. I'm a small lady, but I can always finish the large bowl of hu tieu nam vang kho (soup on the side). The soup usually comes with a big chunk of tender meat on a bone. Best soup ever! Full of flavor and soo savory.  I love this place. Perfect for brunch, and service is quick. The waiter/waitress usually understands vietnamese, chinese, teochew, and cambodian. How awesome is that? This place never lets me down. =)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny T.', '3', "I always go get my dry noodles (hue tieu) from Saigon Vien Dong Restaurant    however, I wanted to try this place due to all the rave reviews.  I have to say that it wasn't as good as the hue tieu at Saigon Vien Dong.  I like the sauce that they use at Saigon Vien Dong more than I did here.  I thought the sauce was pretty bland here and I even had to pour the soup that came separately into the bowl of noodles to make it taste better.  Therefore, I came in for dry noodles but ended up eating noodles in soup.  The soup was delicious and the bone came with lots of meat on it.  I also had their meatball, which was also good.  To conclude, I like what I ate, but I would rather go back to Saigon Vien Dong Restaurant on Story Road if I want my dry noodles."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julia P.', '4', "Pros: Delicious AUTHENTIC Vietnamese/Cambodian Cuisine Chinese donuts available in the AM usually Quick Service Very affordable Favorite Order: Mi Nam Vang (Yellow Noodle ordered 'dry') with soup on the side Cons: Parking lot is almost always crazy..with crazy drivers! Can get crowded and seating is very close to other tables Not the cleanest place at all Do not expect this place to focus on customer service - afterall it's a quick service restaurant"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny L.', '4', "The only thing I go to Nam Vang for is the #1 with soup on the side. It's flavorful and the perfect portion for me! If you're Cambodian, your parents probably took you here when you were younger especially when family was visiting. More than likely, they knew and/or spoke to the lady that can speak Cambodian, Vietnamese and who knows what else? She's not the sweetest lady around but she's a well known figure for Nam Vang.  Don't go here for the service, cleanliness or to impress your girlfriend or date. Go here for a good bowl of the #1. :) And yes, I love the Cha Quay with my #1, too!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tomoko K.', '5', 'A friend of mine took me there. I LOVED it! He told me to try #1 in the menu, so I did. I liked it SO much, so whenever I go there, I order the same thing (except a few appetizers). So I don\'t know about other items, but their #1 is really good! You have to order with the soup on the side. Also I love their Vietnamese ice coffee (It says in the menu "French drip with condense milk). This is one of the places I always go whenever I go to the Bay area. Try it! You\'ll see!!! :)']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Moko R.', '4', 'Get the breakfast stuff Reasonably priced and home-made yummies. mmM']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephen N.', '4', "Surprisingly, I did go here until a month ago even though I lived right by it. Why did you take her when I was younger mom?! This place is awesome. Like everyone has been saying get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang (dry--- soup is on the side) If you haven't tried this dish before, go do it this weekend. You'll thank me later."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Food L.', '5', 'Love the Cambodian noodles, I think the dry version is better than the soup one.  And every bowl of soup comes with a piece a bone for you to chew on.  Yum.... We always order the noodle, with the siu mai, and the "chinese donut".  It\'s a perfect meal.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cat L.', '3', "I've been to Nam Vang ever since I was a little kid. I always thought this place was great, but recently I've come here and the food is mediocre. I usually get the dry noodles, a meatball and Chinese donuts.  It's pricey for the quantity you get. I'd rather eat at Vung Tau. This place has been the same for years and the same employees. It's a family business. If you're in the area and want dry noodles, come here. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here though. CASH ONLY!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lily L.', '5', 'Newbies, your in luck...I shall share the secret way.  You order #1 with soup on the side and the chinese fried donut.  And get the large you cheap bastard, its only $.75 more!  The noodles are immersed in this ground pork mixture, boiled shrimp, some tongue or liver that I normally take out, and a couple pieces of non-red cha sui (sliced pork).  As you attempt to pick up your noodles, you will notice the entire bowl just got picked up.  Do not fear minion, get your spoon and ladle no less that 2 spoons of soup into your noodles and mix thoroughly.  Pick up once again, put in mouth, chew, pick up chinese friend donut, dip in soup, put in mouth, chew, say "MMMMM". ***updated 4/29/08*** Recently came back with my parents and they introduced me to their xiu mai.  Wow!  It was AMAZING!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Juliana C.', '4', "I used to come here a lot with my family when I was younger, but a few years ago my mom started a health food kick and deemed the oil in the hu tieu nam vang bad for our health. Luckily, my cousins did not feel the same way and we dropped by for a late lunch here yesterday. It was around 2pm and the place was still moderately busy, but we were seated quickly.  For newbies:  - This is a whole in the wall-type place so do not be put off by the dim atmosphere and used feel of the place. - The xiu mai is not the Chinese dim sum variety (pork wrapped in wonton). It's a pork meatball that comes out one to an order.  - Of course, you should try the hu tieu nam vang with the soup on the side (dry). I feel like the portions are on the smaller side since I have a pretty small appetite and can never finish a small bowl of pho but can easily conquer a small here.  Definitely worth a try if you've never had hu tieu nam vang!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sharon L.', '1', 'Awful place. Hu Tieu was okay but the soup was bland, and if tasted of anything it would be MSG. Disingenuous service - i was busy with my toddler when ordering and without specifying the size of the noodles I wanted, I was automatically served and charged that of a large bowl. I could overlook these two points but not the following - a toddler on the next table threw a spoon that he was chewing onto the very dirty and greasy floor. A waiter comes along, picks it up and casually tosses it onto a newly laid table for the next customer to use! That is just plain disgusting!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sylvia N.', '4', "Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho.  Eat that. It's pretty much the best.  I deducted one star because the portion is just a tad-bit small.  It makes me nicely full, but my friends usually complain and want two bowls instead.  They are usually pretty fast when I come here (excpet for the last time, I had to wait about 10 minutes to get my food and I was starving!) but it's okay. Sacrifices must be made for good food.  I just had this other day and when I walked in, I wasn't expecting anything since I've already had it before. But once I started eating, all these wonderful feelings started coming to mind and I was a very very VERY happy and satisfied person. The place is a little far out from where I live, but it's okay. Still delish."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lynn C.', '4', 'This place absolutely has the best Hu Tieu Nam Vang!!!  : D']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eric N.', '4', "I have no idea how this place can pass the Health Dept. test... but anyhow, hand down for their noodles and yummy meatballs(xiu mai) Gotta have their special Nam Vang noodle, either with rice noodles or egg noodles. Suggest to order the dry one so you can have the soup on the side. The broth is excellent. This is a hardcore Vietnamese place so service ain't that great. Can be very crowded on weekend / holiday. You come here for the great noodles and that what you should have in mind, don't expect anything more."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cindi N.', '4', "the hu tieu here are pretty good. if it weren't for the price, i'd go here more often. i had another good hu tieu place that's almost as good but waaay cheaper.  anyhow. i always like to order the chewy tapioca noodles - dry..meaning the soup is on the side. you can eat it dry or you can pour all the soup in to make it soupy...your choice. my guy likes the pho noodles - dry....put some vinegar, a little hoisin sauce and lots of siracha. i like my noodles red and spicy.  the siu mai is always out during lunch...i don't get it...if it's so popular, why don't they make extra?  the owners are cambodian/viet...you can tell by the decors and the music. service is never good at these places...but you come for the food, not the service. i don't like the seating arrangement, all the tables are close together...when you walk, you might bump into someone else. i also don't like how other people from other tables just stick their hands over to my table and grab my siracha....without asking. how rude."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cathe T.', '4', "Love this place! Best Hu Tieu in SJ! No other restaurant's Hu Tieu is comparable to Nam Vang's taste. I always order Hu Tieu Nam Vang Nuoc (with soup) and get Chinese donuts on the side.  -Fast service, reasonable size soup serving, and cheap! YUM!  Definitely come here if you're feeling for soup and don't like beef noodle soup !"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lux K.', '5', 'If your sick of Pho and regular style noodles, come here to Nam Vang. They make a great Phnom Penh style (Cambodian) noodle, or in Vietnamese Nam Vang style. I believe it is the number 1 get that with the soup on the side and sui mai (meatball) and Cha Quay (Chinese donut) I hate, it when people call it a Chinese donut. Cambodian folks call it "cha quay". Add all those together and your good to go. Service is here is great, the ladies that work here all speak Khmer (Cambodian) and Vietnamese and also some Chinese. And of course English. They are very prompt with your order and quick to sit you down, when there\'s not that many customers that is. Sometimes theres a pretty long wait outside. Usually on Saturdays and Sundays. So if you want to avoid lines come on the weekdays. Overall great spot to eat, and a great alternative to Regular Pho. 5 Stars for Nam Vang Restaurant']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jim W.', '4', 'I agree the  Hu Tieu #1 "dry" was one of the best vietnamese dishes I have had. at first when they bring the noodles without soup in a large bowl, it looked half empty but the noodles are pessed into the bowl, but there is plenty there to fill you up..  the thin noodles is lightly mixed with flavored oil, soy, sauted garlic bits, ground pork, shrimp, dried shrimp, slices of pork, and scallions, a really mix of flavors, then the pho soup with boiled meat or beef on the side in a small bowl, really complements the meal, and the third element is the large sui mai, makes this a very enjoyable meal.  as with any vietnamese dish they provide green pepper, green chiles, and bean sprouts  you can add to the dish..  it was really not crowded on a thurs night at 6:00pm..']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'John T.', '5', "So i believe the noodle dish is acually cambodian but hell i could be wrong.   But yeah i've been going here forever now and nearly all my friends who i take here are regulars. There is no surprise here about the ambiance being asian. Cheap tables and chair simple service. Though the other food i've had there are good also they are mostly known for their hu tieu nam vang   Get the dry version and the soup on the side, make sure you mix it all right away and enjoy."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Penny P.', '5', "Damn People! Get the Noodles! It's literally a hole in the wall. With the dirty floors and place settings. But like many holes, you go for the food. And yes, the food was amazing. Egg noodle with broth and fried donut logs. I even had relatives from Sacramento who claimed they would come here everyday if they lived closer. Please go for the food, and keep your eyes off the floor and you'll be fine."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Deus D.', '4', 'Nam Vang is the place to go for eating hu tieu. The hu tieu is full of flavor and has that fresh Vietnamese taste. The price is extremely reasonable for the quality. The atmosphere is usually pretty calm and quiet; it is usually busier in the afternoon from my experiences. No complaints about the service.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jacqueline N.', '4', "This place is way better than tk noodles, but limited on menu items. Actually, their menu just isn't 'American' friendly like tk's. My favorite is the combination noodles bowl with the yellow noodles, and the soup on the side. Trust me. Get the soup on the side. You will taste a lot more of the flavors."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mr. T.', '3', "I don't really remember how it taste like. I guess it's ok. or not as great as da lat on williams. What I do remember is that my parents stopped going there because when I was younger, I for some reason misbehave there. All I can remember is the assbeating my dad gave me everytime we were there. =]"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Alida L.', '4', "I remember my parents taking me here when I was a kid, and I've been going to this place ever since.  I always order the Cambodian noodles dry (comes with bowl of soup with bones if u come early enough) with steam sprouts, shu mai, and Chinese donut.  When I look around I see people ordering the same exact thing so Its a must have item on the menu!  If you go on weekends, its usually pack and sometimes a wait during lunch hours, but its worth it."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Steven C.', '1', 'Last Sunday  afternoon, it is the first time for me  have lunch in this restaurant.   I saw  this place is not clean, but  full of customers. I ordered a  "Hu Tieu Nam Vang"  in dry style. The food is good. But when I almost finish my noodle, I felt some thing is very  hard in mouth, I found out it is a small piece  plastic, the shape like  a small piece of toothpicks, it is light green color, it  is mix inside the cilantro, also I found another small piece in the bowl. That mean I already eta some of  these plastics. I am totally shocked. I report to a the owner of the restaurant, a big fat Vietnamese lady, she said that is not their fault , it is come from the cilantro, she also said "Why don you check carefully before you eat" ,  she did not apology and she blame on me,  What the fuck she are talking about,  I don\'t want to argue with this kind Barbarian.  I took all the evident, if some thing happen to my health, I am going to sue their ass off. If you want to risk your life and eat in this restaurant , that is your choice. But it is NOT for me, my family and my friends.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'DanThu D.', '4', 'This is one of my favorite places for hu tieu Nam Vang.. I definitely come here just for the food only.. the restaurant is old and doesnt look too clean.. It is not located in a nice area as well.. they have private parking lot shared with other businesses in the same plaza, but there arent many spaces. For the food, I always order hu tieu dac biet ( special hu tieu), and i really like it.. the best hu tieu Nam Vang in town.. I will definitely come again and again']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Khanh T.', '4', "I grew up eating at this place with my family. It's yummy, I don't know what else to say about the food but it's just yummy. I don't like the atmosphere though, there's always old fobby asian men staring at you for some reason, it's very uncomfortable but the food is great nonetheless. Oh best way to order is with soup on the side!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'ryan y.', '5', 'Funny story.... my friend took me to this place long time ago. I had it and loved it. I forgot all about it then one day I was working and my buddy said lets go get some Cambodian noodles. I was like Cambodian noodles... I don\'t want to eat that crap. He forced me there and once I pulled in the parking lot my eyes lit up and I said "is this that dry noodle dish"....... My love just grew stronger and stronger from there. Nam Vang  Dry with Sui Mai and Yow Tiew is so good. I put the Sui Mai in the Yow Tiew and dip it in my soup. Also, the fried rice is one of the best I have ever had.  Make sure you go there before noon or they will run out of the Sui Mai I now moved to Utah and wish they had one of these restaurants here. Its a must every time I visit SJ.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny T.', '5', "This is the ONLY place I go to for some hu tieu nam vang. I always order it with soup on the side since I'm not too much of a fan of eating it with the broth. While the place can look a little dirty at times, the food is what earns this place five stars. Every time I've been here, all the tables are full and everyone looks happy, so I definitely recommend this place to anyone that wants some legitimate hu tieu."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim D.', '4', "Everyone comes here for the hu tieu kho...I really haven't even eaten anything else here.  I haven't gone here in awhile but was kinda forced to when I had a hu tieu craving and the place I usually go to (F&D Yummy) was closed on a Monday.  It's pretty damn good here but I don't like the location...I hate driving over to the Tully area since it's always major traffic there.  As for what I prefer more this place or F&D I think I like F&D more but still good."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mae L.', '4', 'Sometimes, I\'m a little scared to try new places because I don\'t know what to order...but how will you find new and good places to eat if you don\'t try??   My coworkers brought me here one time during lunch (keep in mind, we\'re comming from  cupertino, which is a bit of a drive for us). The decor ...what decor?? it\'s just your standard restaurant with tables and chairs. My coworker ordered for us, all of us got the same thing. He said "we all want a #1 with soup on the side ....soup with the beef ...and chinese doughnuts" ...well actually he said in vietnamese, but that what\'s it translated too! I think the #1 is the cambodian special?? It was white thin noodles, with garlic, different kinds of meat, some veggies, etc.  We had soup on the side, which came with some beef. My co-worker said put the soup in the big bowl with noodles. I poured half and mixed it up. Wow...were these noodles de-li-ci-ous! I really like how it\'s a change from the normal pho and it has a different taste.  When I come here at night, I order the same thing, but by that time, they usually run out of the beef, that comes in the soup on the side. I\'ve even gotten my other girlfriends hooked on this place too! This is a good place to come to when you kinda want something similar to pho, but is not  the usual pho.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Aaron L.', '5', "Order the Hu Tieu.  It's the best! There's a reason everyone around the Bay Area goes here.  I've had hu tieu at a number of other restaurants and nobody can touch this place.    You've gotta try it!  The service is very fast too, probably because everyone orders the same thing."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Andy B.', '4', "Love the special: Hu Tieu Nam Vang (soup style not dry style). Also dig their clay pot rice which is like a better version of fried rice w/ various meats & veggies. Try it, it comes in a cute clay pot. Oh I miss Vietnam. Don't eat too much or too often. MSG's coming back with power power!! I said MSG's coming back with power power!! Peace"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Benson C.', '4', "It's dirty -  YES It's crowded - YES Food yummy? - YES! Enough said."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angela D.', '2', "I've been coming here since I was a kid with my mom whenever she wants hu tieu. I don't really like the food here. The sauce in the dried hu tieu is so greasy, it gives me a stomachache. But my mother enjoys it. A bit overpriced on other food choices and it takes awhile for the other non noodle foods to come out. Staff tend to just hang around talking to each other and even in peoples walk way. Some are just plain rude because they want you to order right when you sit in the chair. But what more do you expect from these Vietnamese places?"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sandia O.', '5', "Five stars for the food. The broth for their hu tieu almost tastes as good as my grandma's. Ordered the hu tieu dac biet dry (#1). No chinese donuts though, they ran out.  But talking about the service at a Vietnamese noodle shop is like talking about the service at Burger King. It's acceptable I guess. Its not that dirty either."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cathy D.', '4', "I don't think I've ever had Cambodian cuisine until this place a couple months ago. I've must have been missing out on something my whole life..... Went here with my BFF. She's been raving about this place as a lunch favorite of her and her co-workers, so I definitely had to check it out. I've been here twice with her already. I don't think I've even looked down at the menu because I was quite satisfied with my first dining experience here. She does the ordering for us : #1 with soup on the side. I think that the 'Mi Nam Vang Dac Biet' as shown in the pictures. Seems like word has gotten out as other yelpers like it too. We also get a serving of fried dounuts and dip it in sugar which is nice for our sweet cravings. I like how you can control the amount of soup you put in your bowl when you get soup on the side....wet noodles or soupy noodles...it's all up to you!!! The flavors of all the minced up ingredients they put in this soup is sooooo good. I think I'm liking this asian soup even better than Pho! I'll definitely be back here even by myself if I'm craving soup."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Henry L.', '5', "*gasp* How can it be that I've been here so many times but have not reviewed Nam Vang?  I came here by way of my usual lunch crowd.  Led by an intrepid Vietnamese coworker, he brought us to this distant and magical Vietnamese strip mall.  Without any fear, we gave our leader full reign to order for us.  I still have no idea what it is we eat, but it sure is tastey.  It's a pork broth noodle soup dish, but the soup is on the side.  The pork has been stewed for hours making the meat drip off the bones.  It's a terrific dish and without him I would have never been introduced to the magical strip mall or the pork broth noodle soup with the soup on the side so as to not make the noodles too soaked with said broth above."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'jerry h.', '3', 'Goods: Very authentic Cambodia-Vietnamese cuisine. Hu Tieu Nam Vang at the top of its game.  Bad: Portions so teeny weeny, like the size of the portions they serve overseas. At least hook up some more noodles, damn! The price has risen over the years, but not the size. Weekends = tight parking, good luck there with dings and scratches. Asian sanitation= not so clean either. Tap water straight from the sink ( at least hook up some lemon). Example of portion size:  Take a look at the photo ( Mi Nam Vang Dac Biet Meal) by Sofi P. and look at the portions. It fills the bowl 10%.  Saigon Vien Dong on Story Road is a better value.... IMO.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tanya T.', '3', "I was free for the day and was able to venture down to the trafficky area of Tully and King specifically to try out Nam Vang.  I love egg noodles, especially when the noodles themselves have a flavor and doesn't need soup or sauce to make a statement.   I found that yes the restaurant was a little lacking to the eyes, and the tables were still a  little sticky, but the noodles weren't too bad.  My noodles took way too long to come out, but it was a little weird to me that they were all clumped together.  Anyway, the noodles overall were good, it had the taste and the texture that I liked but I found over all, it didn't make my mouth say wow.  And I remember thinking 'where's the liver and meat?'  as I think it was given very sparingly. Would eat here again if I'm in the area and Cao Nguyen wasn't open."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kimberly M.', '4', "Yummy yum.... specially when I want something other than Pho! Food: Two things that you must get when you come here! The #1 Cambodian noodle dry with chinese donut and meatball! And you have to try their fried rice! I was surprised because the rice is so tasty and they give you pretty big portions here! Prices are also very reasonable. Service: Again, typical asian restaurant. You don't come to a place like this because you expect great service. You come for great food. Parking: In a small plaza, but the parking is always ok. Never had too much difficulty finding parking."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eric N.', '5', "My dad took me here when I was 14, sat me down and order #1 with the soup on the side, with cooked bean sprouts. It was my first time trying it eating the noodle dry with the soup on the side, and I was very confused. My understanding is that all the soup with noodles are suppose to go together, I'm vietnamese and it's a foreign concept. When I first was introduced to it. But wow, I was hooked ever since then, and that was almost 10 years ago.  I admit, service could be better, sanitation definitely needs improvement, and ambiance could make a person go mad with all the vietnamses around you, but in my opinion, it's exactly what my culture is all about. They serve good food, and it's their specialty.  I will always come back here. When I was 100 miles away up in college, whenever a friend is going up from San Jose, I would always ask them to bring a to go box from Nam Vang, with the soup on the side. Basically, if you want Pho, you go to Pho Y, where it's decent and fast. If you want Hu Tiu, you go to Nam Vang, and not any where else."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Genki R.', '5', 'A friend of mine took me there. I LOVED it! He told me to try #1 in the menu, so I did. I liked it SO much, so whenever I go there, I order the same thing (except a few appetizers). So I don\'t know about other items, but their #1 is really good!  Also I love their Vietnamese ice coffee (It says in the menu "French drip with condense milk).']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Johnny L.', '5', 'I always order the same here #1 dry with the soup on the side. This place isnt easy to spot. You have to hear about it to know about it. Decor inside isnt all that nice but the food makes up for it. One of my favorite places to eat in sj.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Van K.', '4', "Went here couple weeks ago afterschool because i was hella craving it! the last time i've been here was when i was a little girl and never got anything because i didnt know how or what to eat. but now im older and know what hu tieu nam vang is and its goooood!!!  this place is a lil run down, windows are tinted with silver and is in a crowded plaza. i got the #1, small, which is called hu tieu nam vang. you can choose to have it dry or with soup.  i ordered it dry and it comes with a side of small bowl of soup with beef and beef bones included! (its better dry!) yummm! i wished they added more hu tieu, kind of a small portion... next time i should get a large!  its so good that i actually wanted more so then i asked my mom to make it the next day. :) overall, great place if you want hu tieu nam vang! i wanna find out what is that sauce they drench the noodles with!! YUM!  :)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nicole T.', '3', 'This place is okay, not really sure what the buzz is all about. Had the Sui mai w/ Chinese donuts. Could care less for both. Chinese donut is dry and really small. I tried both the hieu tieu wet & dry. Dry is better but not great to get get me to come back.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie T.', '5', 'Oh my god this place is delcious! I always order the Hu Tieu (Dry) with soup on the side. Along with an extra side of bones and xiu mai! SO GOOD! I could eat this all day. You will leave here with garlicy breath if you order what i order, but its worth it!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Beatriz P.', '5', 'uhmmmmm, the best. nuf said.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linh N.', '5', '"EWWWWW..... this is place is dirtyyyyyy!!!".......  thats what I thought to myself when I stepped into this restaurant.  Looked very unsanitary and the service is not to be expected great because its an azn restuarant.  You best order right away because their not coming back to check up on you for awhile, too! But their notorious dish.... hu tieu nam vang kho... is by far, the best hu tieu kho I ever tasted in my whole life!  On weekdays during lunch hours, the lines are out the door and during the weekends, the wait is forever for a table.  Yet, the food comes out very fast, hot, delilcous, and tastes the same everytime! ONCE again, their notorious dish that they are known for is HU TIEU NAM VANG KHO.  (By the way, their chow fun isn\'t bad either).']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Denise S.', '4', 'Okay this is what you should do: Order the #1 (Cambodian something) "dry". Don\'t worry it comes with soup. When you get it don\'t freak out. Scoop some soup into your dry noodles. I do about 5 spoonfuls. Squeeze lime. Mix. Eat. Altnernate mouthfuls with chinese doughnuts dipped in soup.  This place is not modern or super clean but the food is so good that I have to over look it. I\'ve been here a million times and their food is pretty consistent. The place is ALWAYS busy. Parking is a crazy during peak times.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'amy n.', '4', "Okay I've only been here twice but both times the food was excellent! The bone soup that you get on the side of your dry noodle takes so good it reminds me of mama's cooking. If you eat food that taste like your mom's it must be good. They are a cash only place and it can be very busy in the day time. You have to come early because they only make a certain amount of stuff a day and if they run out your sh*t outta luck."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ann N.', '4', "this place has been at the same location for years. i dont recall if they actually change anything.  in the last 10 years, a few new faces but otherwise, same old ppl - i think it's family owned - and same decor...old, and very Asian-y and dirty'sh but hey, i'm there for the food. OMG, their mi hu tieu nam vang dried is the bomb!!!  you get a side bowl of soup what is tasty and just flavorful.  must order the large bowl cause the small is like appetizer to me...i'm an eater hahahaha. not sure what they put in their broth but hella addicting.   must come back TOMORROW."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda T.', '4', '#1 spot for hu tieu, a Vietnamese vermicelli/rice noodle plate. This is their all-time specialty, so you\'re missing out if you don\'t order the "Hu Tieu Nam Vang". I love the mixed shrimp/seafood combo and rich aroma of soy sauce seasoning. Hu tieu comes with a side of broth, but it\'s optional to add it in your noodles. If you want to add more flavoring, try a little vinegar and spice it up with hot peppers. While you\'re here, try their Chinese doughnut with soup/shu mai for a light appetizer as well.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ree D.', '5', "i come here for the same thing everybody else does. the the #1 with soup on the side & the su mai (believe that's how u spell it). soooo good! the soup reminds me of my mommy :) *sigh* actually craving this right now kekeke"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jennifer T.', '3', "First things first, Parking here SUCKS!  Well you can't really expect much since it is Tully road but still it sucks.  This place is located right off the freeway across from Chuck-E-Cheese. On to the place, Wow they have a really big door lol that was the first thing I noticed, but the inside was just like any other typical Asian joint.  I was really excited since I have never tried Cambodian noodles.  I ordered #1. the Cambodian White noodles (kind of like Pho noodles) and we had a side order of Fried Chinese donut to go with the soup. I ordered a Dry small with soup on the side.  On to the taste, the soup was really good and sweet, the pork bone was a nice touch and eating the bits of meat off the pork bone was also good.  Once I got the noodles I was excited, I squeezed the lemon, added the bean sprouts and dove in. Honestly it just tastes like noodles with soy sauce, I was a little disappointed, it was pretty good but nothing really special to me.  So yeah, I would not drive out of my way just to come here but if im in the area it would be a pretty good place for lunch."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eli T.', '4', "hu tieu nam vang, yes, I ate this on a cold Monday night. I came here with John and he ordered the food and he was like don't ask what is it. (Side Story) I recall once having blood pudding and not knowing what it was, I was eating it and in the middle of eating it, Jessica, said, do you know what that is? I replied noooo, what is it? *as i was taking another bite* its pig blood mixed in with....*I spat it out and was like you totally killed it for me*  So folks don't tell me what it is or else I won't eat it. The meal was pretty good, I'd come back for a second serving if i wasn't so full already. 4 stars for something so good and simple"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Truc N.', '5', "I crave for the hu tieu kho here!!  It's super delicious!  The place is not much to look at and there's nothing to rave about the service but who cares when the food is this good!  I'd totally recommend this place and the dry rice noodles.  Very good!!!!  Love it here!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Thanh T.', '4', "Nam Vang...it's been a secrete place for Vietnamese for so long and now thanks to Yelp a lot of people will able to enjoy it. Hu Tieu Nam Vang aka Rice Noodle Soup, it's one of the popular dish but most non Vietnamese people only know about Pho. If you go here, you have to get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho, aka Rice Noodle Dry. With the dry version, there's a special sauce on top of the rice noodle to give it a delicious flavor that you never tasted before.  When I go here, it's only for Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho but I order mine with Bo Vien and Xa Xiu aka Meatball and BBQ Pork. The dry noodle come with a small bowl of Broth on the side with pig meat with bones. So good, and you have to try the Chinese Donut to dip in with. Their Chinese Donut are always fresh and so crispy. They usually run out by 12 or 1. Like the person below me said, the food is always consisent. She's right, I'd never had a disappointment eating here and it's been over 100x times. A must if you like Vietnamese food."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'brad w.', '3', "For some reason everytime I come here, I leave smelling like the sticky residue found on the tables and floor.  I come here to eat their Hu Tieu Nam Vang. It is a little too oily fo my taste. The portions are small -- When I ordered the large it comes with a huge bowl, but only the bottom portion is filled with small amounts of noodles and toppings. I guess they're trying to put the illusion of having alot of food with a big bowl. At least their hot chilli peppers are pretty good. If you want to try some good Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho try Saigon Vien Dong on Story Rd."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anne P.', '4', 'This place is delish!! Even though it is a hole-in-the-wall restaurant, the quality of the food makes up for it. I was introduced here by my family friends that always eat here. I always order the #1 - "Hu Tieu Nam Vang" in soup. I\'ve been eating here for the past couple of years even though I have lived in San Jose my whole life. This place has been consistent with its food quality and price. In my last visit here, I decided to try the #1 but dry (with soup on the side) and I was in Heaven! The flavor was even more flavorful and if eating it gets kind of dry I can always mix it with the soup on the side. Service is fairly fast. Minus one star for not accepting cards (cash only). Also, parking is sort of hard on busy days. All in all, this is perfect  for your random craving of authentic Cambodian noodles. I totally recommend this place. YUM!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'DEE N.', '5', "Me and My family love it here. Parking can be a bit crazy at times and waiting is sometimes a bit too long but it's all worth it for a nice bowl of Hu Tieu Nam Vang. We even love calling in and ordering it to-go :)  Best Hu Tieu ever in San Jose.  I usually get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang with the soup on side. Then I also get Xu Mai on the side too cause it's awesome here! If you've never been, check it out. Totally worth it. Service isn't like the type of service you expect from a Nice upscale restaurant but the workers are cool."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'niwath c.', '4', 'Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho please and can I have a Chinese donut and xu mai?  What? No donut, no xu mai, this is outrageous! Let me speak with the owner.  (blah, blah, blah, blah) translated from Cambodian, "i\'m sorry, you came late, we ran out"  Fine...two minutes later..."hey where\'s my beef bone/oxtail thing?"  sorry...no more for u!  grrr.....oh well, I\'m hungry... still taste wonderful!!!  I\'ve been a fan since 1988, food here is always great,  i can order in Cambodian, and if i bring a Chinese friend he can order in Mandarin...  or cantonese if you please, or simiply vietnamese... seriously tho, please stock up on more of the goodies, and by goodies I mean xu mai, Chinese donuts, and the best part the beef/oxtail...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rosie C.', '3', "If you want some Cambodian pho (#1), this is the place in SJ to get it. I've personally never had cambodian pho until visiting this place -- a new flavor from the normal Vietnamese pho.  I ordered their #1 w/broth on the side. It came w/all types of meat parts (liver, tongue, etc), small dehyrated shrimp, onions & a dark sauce that flavored the noodles. It's not so soupy like Viet pho b/c the broth-to-noodle-ratio is different (less broth) but still good. I really liked the dark sauce that brought the dish together. The taste is either soy sauce paste, hoison & oyster sauce all morphed into one. I'm not sure what it is, but I liked it. Overall, an A-OK place. The decor is mediocre and this place gets busy by noon, but the service is quick. I didn't think too much of their meatballs, but I'd come back for another bowl of cambodian pho. BTW, it's cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenn P.', '4', 'This is one of my favorite places to go for mi.  I usually get the mi xa xiu and crab and Chinese donut.  I think they will make you a half and half of mi and hu tieu if you ask for it.  The food is tasty and cheap and service is eh at best but that\'s expected.   This isn\'t really a sit down and hang out kinda place.  I always feel rushed to finish and leave; not necessarily by the staff but by the other patrons hustling around.  Parking is not too bad compared to other plazas in the area.   My only complaint is that the portion feel small.  Maybe because I get my mi dry and the noodle doesn\'t have a chance to "expand"?  A large doesn\'t fill me up and ordering 2 smalls for myself is kind of embarrassing...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sonny S.', '5', 'Food= 22/25 Location=22/25 Price= 23/25 Service=20/25 Overall= 87 percent The special is to die for, and you will enjoy your noodles with the "meat ball" and chinese donuts.  Price is cheap, 6.25 per bowl, and it is really fast service.  it may look a little dirty, but sometimes those kinds of places has the most flavorful foods. Enjoy 5 stars 87 percent']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Frank L.', '4', "I had to try this place after hearing people call it the best place to get Hu Tieu. It was delicious but to me it still doesn't beat Da Lat. The portion was kind of small and l was still hungry after but it really is one of the better Hu Tieu places around the Bay Area."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Theresa H.', '4', "Great hu tieu nam vang. Four stars for the food. But my gosh! There a sewer thing right in front of the entry way and it is not a pleasant smell before a meal. Vietnamese waiters/waitresses are not always the best......I'm Vietnamese and that didn't even get me any warmer service."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Yb W.', '4', "Bowl of #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang with soup on the side...six dollars Making loud noises sucking marrow out of soup bone, and dinner date doesn't run away...priceless."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Carol T.', '4', "I would always go here with my parents, although the only thing that scared me was the last time I went here, one of the waitress's eyelashes seemed to be falling off her eye lashes, seriously that definitely scared the kahoonas or something. Hey who knows, it might fall into my food alright, safety hazard. Plus, it'll be sad if it did, and they would have to make a new fresh bowl for me, in which i don't want to waste their time. But overall, everything is good, and I guess the only problem is the parking sometimes, it would be packed one day, and the next no cars."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wilson N.', '2', 'The food is good but the portion is small. The place looks unhygienic. Service is not good.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julie N.', '4', "Good unique and good food.  A good choice when you don't want the everyday meal. Fast. Good service. Will come back."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linda N.', '4', "If you have a hang over or feel sick go to this place and get the soup with pork bones (xiu quat I think) to ease your pain. Dip the bones in a lil condiment plate of nuoc mam (fish sauce) and red chili!  Also along with that order a large (small is really small) bowl of Mi Nam Vang (cong lon) which means large flat noodles DRY. I always eat it dry for some reason. Must be bc my mom always ate it this way. (You get a small bowl of stock soup with a bone if there's any more left to sip on or if you want to add a little liquid)  When I eat it, this is what I add: beansprouts (ask for the precooked ones), lemon, alot of pepper and soysauce. Make sure you don't put the vinegar! Then order a large glass of their homemade soy bean drink. You should also try the xiu mai here! SSSOOOOO nhummy with a chinese donut (gio chao quay)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Bee V.', '5', "i've been coming here since i was little. my family and i used to come here every sunday morning but college has been wiping my free sunday mornings away= [ i love love love!!!! this place. the food is so good, with the right portion size and comes out really fast! let's not forget how cheap it is= ] i'm usually a baby and order small whenever i eat at places.....but when i come to nam vang, i ALWAYS order the large...that's how good it is^_^"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lisa H.', '4', "Whenever I'm in SJ, I have to come to this place to get the cambodian noodle, large, dry, with an order of chinese donut.  It is so tasty and delicious, it just hits the spot."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Viet N.', '5', "I was hungry and it's down the street from my house. Noodles and rice are the main dishes here. The food is good."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'wane a.', '5', 'This is my fav restaurant to get Hu Tieu Nam Vang at. The soup is delicious but you gotta order the noodles with soup on the side to really enjoy it. The portions are OK, after eating a large, I can still eat more. Chinese donuts taste great with the soup but they run out after 2-3 PM.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Art N.', '3', 'the hu tieu nam vang is pretty damn hyped here. i went by to try what all the hype was all about and it was just ok. The noodles were average nothing special and way too damn salty. Do not order the chinese donut that they have here its wack. It taste stale and old not good at all. The xiu mai is nothing great either.  I tried this place to see what the hype was all about but all it was is hype. Nothing special at all really. As for the service its pretty damn slow. They give you the menu and leave and basically wait ten minutes before they return to take your order.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Matt K.', '1', "So parking was a biatch today. Not sure if it is better other days, but I ended up having to squeeze into a tiny spot with my big car.  Anyway, I ordered the #8 which is the Cambodian Style Noodles (egg noodles) with the soup on the side, large of course. It came out as fast as it took for me to run across the street to use the ATM at the liquor store, this place is cash only! It smelled delicious and looked amazing. I quickly dug in and ate everything and the soup.  I did notice that the soup was quite salty, which led me to believe there was tons of MSG in it. My MSG test is to see how I feel later. OH BOY, this place HAS to use lots of MSG. I started feeling sick even before we left the restaurant. Not only that, but I found out later that 2 other people were also feeling quite sick as well.  So I probably won't be going back to Nam Vang again, I am just now starting to feel better. I don't think it was worth it. Bleh!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Naka H.', '5', "Oh man... This was a great stop, perfect for fueling up before a long drive down the 101.  Quick, fast, easy, cheap.... no ambiance, but who cares when you've got tasty cheap eats."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Lisa T.', '5', "I don't know of any other place that serves Hu Tieu Nam Vang (dry noodles w/ the broth on the side). It's pretty darn delicious and sometimes just the right cure for a hangover. I say sometimes, cause I know most people like more broth to cure their headache and nausea. The establishment is a typical Vietnamese hole-in-the-wall, with outdated tables and seats. I definitely plan my day to come here BEFORE I shower as oppose to coming here after a nice clean bath. Not to say it's really dirty, but I def feel like I should shower when I'm sitting on furniture that's been around for 10+ years and have had over 10K+ people sit on it. The area is actually kinda ghetto too and you get the typical bad asian drivers in their parking lot, like Shirley N. Anyway, back to the food. I haven't had anything other than the Hu Tieu, but I love it because I'm sure they sprinkle it with MSG (which is the equivalent of crack to me). I wonder if there's a way I can inconspicuously ask them in Vietnamese to add extra crack to mine. Also, they serve that long Chinese donut like thing that is cut up and you can dip into the broth and eat it with. Keep it up, Nam Vang...you've got a repeat customer. :) Oh, and it gets pretty crowded from 1130-1, so i'd say get there early or later in the afternoon if you don't want to wait."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Diamond H.', '5', 'Love this place! The noodles are always fresh & tasty and the meat balls are huge! My favorite place for hu tieu.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Christina Y.', '4', "We came for breakfast on the way down to Monterey, and we were not disappointed.  Per Yelpers' recommendations, I tried the #1, but IN the soup, as opposed to dry, and it was very good.  Broth and noodles were excellent.  We also shared the Chinese donut (you tiao), which was greasier than I'm used to (in Taiwanese breakfast, with soy milk). Tons of Cambodian people up in this joint, especially older folk, which the bf said was indicative of its quality.  Haha.  It was very crowded and there was a line of people waiting for tables, but we didn't end up having to wait at all, since we only had 2 people in our group. Service is rushed and the place is kinda dirty.  Yes, your classic Asian place in San Jo."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Seila K.', '4', "So my parents are hard to impress in terms of food. They're very particular about a few things, probably since my mom is such a good cook. I took them here before they flew back to Seattle this past weekend and my mom really liked it. Of course the dish to get is the Nam Vang noodles (#1, also known as Phnom Penh Noodles) and my mom said it tasted like the kind you would get in Cambodia. They ordered the noodles with the broth inside, while I ordered the noodles with broth on the side.  We got there before 11, so we didn't really have to wait. Avoid getting there on the weekends during prime lunch hours as the place gets packed! Not the best service or the cleanest place, but for me it's all about the food!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jenny K.', '5', 'My good friend Liana introduced me to this yummy local treat.  It\'s family owned by one of her friends.  This place definitely did not disappoint!  It is a very hole in the wall place.  It does not look like much on the outside or inside.   However, the "Hu tieu Nam Vang" is delicious!  Order it "dry" with the soup on the side.  The noodles are marinated with some sort of sauce...and it comes with an assortment of sliced pork, fried pork bits, liver, crab, shrimp.  (I ask for no liver...I wasn\'t feeling that adventurous yet)   They have these chinese donut things that you dip into the soup; it soaks up the flavor and is very good!   The portions are on the petite side.  The small filled me up nicely.  If you\'re a guy or have a heartier appetite, go with the large. *There are always police hiding out by the exit area..and give out a surprising number of tickets for people not wearing seatbelts/talking on their cell phone.  C\'mon now...really?  Yea...']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jo B.', '4', 'the soup is soooooooo goooood!!  everyone orders pretty much orders the same stuff...noodles with soup on the side..chinese donuts.  i would eat here everyday if it werent for the bad parking!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amie L.', '5', 'CHEAP and YUMMY! When I go there, I usually get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang, dry and small, and the Chinese donuts with the meat ball (Xui Mai). I try to avoid coming there during the weekends because it gets crowded! Either that or avoid coming in during the rush hour which is usually 11AM-2PM.  That place is not fluffy-friendly. lol. The tables are cramped and the chairs are so close to the table, you gotta suck it in baby. But if you love their food, you have to sacrifice.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Angie T.', '3', 'Their hu tiu is ggod but I do not like how bossy the boss overthere was. I heard the staffs get no tips but the']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'David T.', '4', "This place is delicious but it always looks like a dump.   I've been coming here ever since I was young and the food has never changed.   Their hu tieu combo'd with the xui mai is the best around here.  No one has come close to what they've got.  Give this place a try if you're in the area!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Karisa L.', '5', "I LOVE this place...i've been eating here for over 15 years! (my parents took me as a child).  Listen to what everyone says...get the hu tieu, dry.  you know what they say...if you want good vietnamese food, go where the vietnamese people go... lol...theres a reason why we like to eat here..."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jayson T.', '5', 'LOVEEE THIS PLACE! pretty good service the little lady  that is always there always remembers my exact order.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Zu W.', '5', "This is one of the best bowls of noodles you can get.  Number 1 with soup on the side.  Large if you're a hungry tiger.  Try to come here in the mornings because that's when everything is the most fresh and they'll still have chinese donut to go along.  mmmmm ...."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Justin L.', '4', 'I got the Hu Tieu Nam Vang here. I got the fat wide white noodle with this noodle soup. The soup is a pork based broth and not beef. This is a great alternative for those who dislike beef.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'cayate I.', '3', "my family and i were the only ones here. ordered two small dry hu tieu and one wet one with that bread stick. The dry noodles were good, but had a little too much dark sauce and very little meat. However, my moms wet noodles were GREAT. the broth is very very flavorful compared to saigon and ca mau. I'd only come back to eat it wet style, saigon for the dry style. 4 stars for the food and 1 star for that rude old boss lady that cheated me (charged me for three larges)."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'K H.', '5', "Love the noodles here.  Get the #1, large, dry with soup and pork neck bone on the side.  Add a fried Chinese donut and Xiu Mai and you won't be disappointed! *tasty noodles *great xiu mai (xiu mai and chinese donuts run out fast!!) *reasonably priced *for to-go orders, you can call ahead -- but they only have one size for to-go noodles"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kathy T.', '4', "When my bf's parents introduced this place to us, we were hooked and coming here all the time. Then after awhile, it was time to kick back. This place is always consistent though. Food always comes out quick and tasty! I always order the hu tieu nam vang kho. It's the best!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vanae W.', '5', "this place is by far my favorite authentic vietnamese restaurant in the bay area. i use to go here all the time with my family. the Hu Tieu Nam Vang #1 is so tasty along with the chinese doughnuts to dip it with. the broth is amazing. so this hu tieu is the best on rainy days, curing hang-overs and when you're sick. do it! you'll thank your taste buds."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'trish t.', '2', 'I used to eat here every week with my boyfirned, but their mi kho sucks now!! =( its now full of msg and other crap 2 star for the quick service.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sidney R.', '4', 'The place isnt the most clean place. But if your here just for the good food and go on about your business than this place is for you.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Doug ..', '5', "do it.   this might be the BEST place my girlfriend has taken me in san jose.  i like the hu tieu nam vang with soup on the side.  meat ball is pretty good here too.. though IF i had to say something i wish it were packed tighter.  i also like it with a hoard of chili on top.  i hear you're supposed to eat it with the donut, but they were out when we went."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gilbert G.', '4', "i've been here several times over the past year. i always order the hieu tieu nam vang dry with soup on the side. most of the time they give you meat on the side, but sometimes they will run out if you go too late. good and cheap food, fast service, leave satisfied, what more can you ask for? accepts cash only."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Sharon T.', '5', 'ok, so the place looks gross, i admit it - but the food is nothing near it.  a neighborhood staple for YEARS... i believe there is a reason such a dingy looking place has lasted to stay open so long... ITS DAMNED GOOD VIETNAMESE food... blended with a little thai, cambodian, and laos influence in the preparation of these dishes. the place is dirty, but the prices are cheap - and out of the many years ive been there, never have i found something REPULSING enough to make me stop going... call me crazy, but i love it.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tony D.', '4', 'I went here after my optometrist visit, I would type a bunch of words but it would be the same as my buddy Lien below me.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jessica C.', '5', "Must offset the low ratings with a perfect score for taste! Nam Vang has the best Vietnamese noodles. My coworker brought me here for lunch one time even though it is located 25 mins from work, and I have been forever indebted. Luckily the food arrives at your table fast so that we can eat in 10 minutes and rush back to work. He usually orders for the everyone he's brought here but I have finally figured out that he orders the Hu Tieu Nam Vang for the all of us and soup on the side. It's absolutely delicious. Sure you need to clean your utensils yourself, and it's not the cleanest place, but the taste is amazing. And the soup tastes so delicious. It's relatively cheap too."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Stephanie L.', '5', "Another 5 stars!!!  This place is so good and had I not hung out with a certain group of people a while back, I would've never been introduced to this place. I'm currently a devoted fan of their #1. In fact, when I was first introduced to these noodles, I told everyone that I could probably eat them everyday. Unfortunately, they're closed on Tuesdays. I'm not sure if that's still the case.  The broth that comes with the noodles (always order it on the side) is clear and expertly made. Very deep flavor and not a lot of after taste. Sometimes they even give you a bone to gnaw on after you've finished your noodles. Squeeze of lime in the noodles, two splashes of broth, a dash of chili sauce and mix. My mouth is currently watering even after I just got done eating lunch.  I'm going there tonight with one of my best friends. It's /our/ thing. We may not hang out everyday or even every month, but when we do, we always hit Nam Vang up. YUM!!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Wendy T.', '4', "I love dry noodles! i haven't been here in awhile but this is one of my favorite places to go too before if i was getting tired of eating the dry noodles at Cao Nguyen or Di Lac...Haven't tried anything else besides that there. But I must say the portions here are a bit smaller than the other places I've gotten Hu Tieu at...Stil good though!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kim N.', '5', "This place makes the best Hu Tieu Nam Vang!!! I always order it dry with the broth on the side. When you order it this way they add this special sauce that tastes like light soy sauce with some vinegar. It comes with ground pork, sliced pork, pork liver, and some other stuff I can't identify right now. Don't forget to order the chinese donut so that you can dip it into the broth and also the Siu Mai meatball. I love adding the pickled chili peppers too...I like it hot! This is the perfect meal to cure your hangover from a night of partying. The portions are about right for me but may be small for others so you might want to order a large. They also make excellent fried rice and cambodian chow fun. Oooh and don't forget the fresh soy bean milk..served warm of course!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mimi C.', '5', "the 5 stars is for the food!  Service is decent but what do you expect in a typical vietnamese place? I've been going here with my parent ever since I was young and now that I'm older I go with my friends. One of the best hieu tieu place in san jose for SURE. This place is very popular and I always run into friends when I'm here. I like their dry hieu tieu dat biet. HELLA GOOD. They do give small portion but its all good =). I also like their chinese donuts is really good but I HAVE to eat it with xiu mai or whatever it calls..just sound it out!  They only have it in the morning, they always run out whenever Im there =[ but mann it is so darn good. LOL as im writing the review, my bf was like where are you reviewing.. I told him nam vang. He responded that he hasnt been there in a while but that place is HELLA GOOD... YES, it definitely is!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Eladio S.', '4', "I went to Nam Vang yesterday. This was probably my 2nd or 3rd time here. It's been so long, I could not remember what I had on my previous visit. This time around I ordered Com Ga Nuong. It was not your typical Com Ga Nuong when it came out. I was expecting chicken breast but was somewhat displeased to find all dark meat when the plate arrived. I prefer white meat, but I was so hungry, I dug right in. This was seriously some of the best chicken I've had. It reminded me of the Ga Roti I had at a little place called Blue Cafe in Saigon. I definitely recommend this dish.!!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nhung T.', '3', 'i ordered a large Hu Tieu because a small would not do it. You can literally finish it in two bites. The chao wai (chinese donut) is not that good because it tasted burnt.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Henry H.', '5', "Probably the best hu tieu place i've ever had, anywhere, period. I absolutely love the hu tieu nam vang kho, and that, along with the mi nam vang kho (dry noodles with soup on the side), are the most popular dishes ordered at the restaurant.  People say it's pretty dirty but there isn't much they can do when the place is so busy, and kids and adults are constantly dropping used napkins, lime skin, shrimp tails, etc. on the ground. They clean what they can but aren't given much time because of the demand of customers wanting to be seated (asian thing i guess). I've also been there later in the day when the place is not so hectic and they really do clean and mop up the whole place.  Overall, an excellet place to eat. Oh yea, don't forget the chinese donut and the xiu mai to go along with the noodles. Absolutely delishes."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'son d.', '4', "Great little place for hu tieu noodles. It is a no frills eatery but food is delicious, cheap and service is fast. Mostly a neighbourhood place, I'll definitely be turning into a regular."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Malyssa C.', '4', "as most have already mentioned, #1, hu tieu nam vang, is so bomb!! i only go here for this dish and always order it with the soup on the side. i've tried hu tieu at quite a few other places but nam vang has remained #1 in my heart! the meat and noodles are so tender and everything is so full of flavor! ahhh .. must. have. some. nooww..! this place isn't the cleanest and doesn't have the best customer service, but i'm willing to put that aside for the yummy food!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Linh N.', '3', 'Hu tieu nam vang with soup on the side is what I always order. The broth and hu tieu are both good.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Rob C.', '5', 'pretty much everyone comes here for #1.  hu tieu with soup on the side (since then you can wet your noodles to your own liking) and pork meatball, and chinese donut youtiao.  i liked the broth, rich flavor, concentrated, and with the shallots and shrimp in the bowl, gives a satisfying end note.  the wide rice noodles are better at soaking up the broth compared to the mi wonton noodle in #8.  prob with the broth on the side is that the noodles stick, esp since the broth is not that hot.  meatball was tasty, and youtiao were fine but not necessary.  tried the spring rolls, very homemade.  parking in the lot is difficult on weekends.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mary C.', '4', 'One thing is for sure, you don\'t come to this place for the service or cleaniness. No no no... You  come here for their cheap and delicious Hu Tieu Nam Vang with the Chinese donuts and the Xui Mai. This is probably one of the very few places my bf could get me to go to "willingly" as Vietnamese/Cambodian food is really not my thing.  Be sure to go at odd times during the day (before/after the lunch rush) because there is almost always a wait but chances are if you go later, they will have already ran out of the donuts and meatballs, which to me is quite upsetting. Hearing those dreaded words makes me want to stab someone in the eye with my chopsticks... but i digress. So, if you\'re in the mood for some quick and tasty soup, without minding the occasional added "thumb of server" flavor, this is the place!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'john d.', '1', "I went there a couple of time with my friend..  The place is old and smell very bad like burning plastic. The hu tieu wasn't that good and expensive.  I think  TK noodle is even better."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anh Thu V.', '5', "Great Hu Tieu Nam Vang (Dac Biet, Kho), with the pork-based broth and the fried savory Chinese donut (gio chao quay) and pork meatball!  This noodle soup is so reminiscent of the ones we used to get in Saigon.  It's so good that I am becoming addicted to this place.  The staff is friendly and the service is quick.  The decor is typical of Vietnamese restaurants in the area:  efficient and no nonsense.  But the food more than makes up for it.  The only bad thing is it's so far away, a good 20-30 minutes drive so I can only visit on weekends.  But then, weekend mornings are the best time to eat hu tieu, no?  :)"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kathy D.', '5', "i go here alot. i bring people here alot for their first time. i love their noodles here... hu tieu nam vang kho is what i always get and chinese donut ( can't spell it in vietnamese ) and meat balls... my friends family usually get the hu tieu nam vang in soup though... but if you get it dry they give you a side bowl of soup too for you to sprinkle some soup onto the noodle to make it more moist if you need to!  perfect for lunch even though it gets really crowded, you might have to wait in line sometimes but it goes by pretty quick.  service is pretty fast and good.  last time i went here with friends, my friend happened to know the owners of the place and they just started talking througout our meal when she came in and out serving people. haha!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Shop G.', '5', "best nam vang in san jose for sure. i like the dry noodle with soup and bone on the side. delish! come here for the food, not the service. it's an asian place so don't expect anything fancy."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mary T.', '5', 'I just come here for the siu mai and chinese donut, even though everything else is definitely good. I tried the vegetarian chow mein today and the tofu was tasty. Just get there early or expect to wait!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Save M.', '4', "Love the food,.....i think enough said.....been back to this restaurant for yrs....always have my HU TIEU NAM VANG nuoc ...that's all i've ever ate that this restaurant..=) this makes me hunry.. hmmmm"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Frank T.', '3', "Ever wonder why hole in the wall Asian restaurants get so busy!? Or why dirty restaurants taste so good!? Haha... I'm not gonna go there. But this place does look like a hole in the wall and it is dirty - only because it's been around for so long! and they're always busy! I've eaten at this place for years! Actually, everytime I come back home to San Jose to visit, this is absolutely the place I have to stop to eat! Seriously - I swear on my family! Without looking at the menu, I always order the Hu Tien Nam Vang Kho (soup on the side), siu mai, and long chinese donut to dip into the soup. I actually pour most of my soup into the bowl, but that's just how I eat my food here. I've been in Orange County for so long now, that everytime I think of home, I think of this place. Oh yeah and my family too - haha.... if you're ever in the area - I COMMAND YOU TO EAT HERE! hahah..."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'D N.', '3', "I've been going here for several years.  I've been reading mixed reviews...either people love it or they don't. Word of advice, if you plan on eating at this restaurant...try to go early in the day (preferably lunchtime).  Towards the end of the day, they tend to run out of food. Try ordering Hu Tieu Mi Nam Vang Kho.  If your really hungry, order the Chinese donut and Xiu Mai."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'L A.', '3', 'Not a destination sort of place.  I\'ll just start off with that.  I got the #1 Hu Tieu Nam Vang with rice noodles, small, dry, with the siu mai and the Chinese donut.  Soup - umami alright, and I have no doubt they simmered a ton of pork bones and a few innards for hours for this stock.  But I wouldn\'t be surprised to find out they also enhanced the pot with a generous spoonful of msg.  Sorry, I\'ve made my share of slow simmered lovingly tended stocks and no naturally generated umami ever borderlines on "sweet".  Noodles - this was pretty good.  Rice vermicelli was al dente (I have to mention this because Americanized pho places will cook it to mush).  Sauce was kind of a drizzle of dark soy.  Rest of the toppings were perhaps a minced fried shallot, pig liver, pig meat, lime, blanched bean sprouts, and Chinese chives.  Order the small if you truly have a small appetite. Meatball - nothing special here.  A steamed chunk of fatty ground pork with chopped onions.  Chinese donut - not fresh, but I didn\'t expect it to be.  Chewy & not crispy any more.  If I were in the area (unlikely) & needed a quick bite, I\'d go back.  But it wasn\'t special enough to drive 20min each way on my lunch break again. Oh yeah, the restaurant was nearly full with Vietnamese working class folks, and everyone ordered some version of Hu Tieu.  You only have yourself to blame if you order chow fun or some other item they don\'t specialize in and think it\'s terrible.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ghost I.', '4', 'the hu tieu here is prolly the best i ever eaten. no where in town top the hu tieu here. but too bad they always give a small portion. Not enough to feel even half full.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'C C.', '3', 'This place is good. They got the taste down right but they are pretty skimpy with meat. Hook us up with some meat... We hongry!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Julia C.', '4', "i've been coming to this restuarant since i was a little kid. not much has changed with the decor, service, or quality over the years. in fact that grey cubicle wall on the left once you enter the door hasn't moved from that spot. it's kind of dirty with some stains. i don't know why they keep it there all these years because it really serves no purpose.   i come only for the hu tieu. nothing else on the menu is really that good. i usually order #1 dry with soup on the side, fried chinese dough, and a meatball. the trick is to come earlier during the day. everything tastes a lot better. also i find that coming later during the day, they run out of the fried dough and meatballs which complete the meal! i've strayed away for hu tieu once because it was late, and tried the place on story... no where near as good! the service is typical for asian places. there's usually a long line here on early weekend mornings up until noon. they take there time clearing out the tables and give you no time what so ever once you're seated to order. the food does come out pretty quicky though. once you're finished you bring your check up to the cashier to pay. prices and portions are reasonable.  ps... hu tieu is a cambodian dish"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Peter G.', '5', '#1 large dry. Great place, great food. Only gripe is that portions are small .']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Liz Z.', '5', 'I effen love this place!! The number 1 dry is the way to go. I was just there Monday and my bc and I had 1.5 bowls to ourselves. I wish their was something close to Sacramento like this.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'J M.', '4', 'Cambodian noodles.  Similar to vietnamese pho but a little different.  Get the broth on the side and a youtiao (Chinese fried bread), and if you want, a meatball on the side. Pluses for great food, quick service. Minuses due to lack of decor, and lack of other cambodian food besides noodles.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Joy S.', '4', "I went here at Nam's with the girls, last week.  Real good food and way too many selections.  I liked the spicy beef.  No complaints.  Pretty clean, every where.  Prices are a bit too high."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kevin G.', '3', 'I like the noodle here.So yummy, fast service. I can get in and out in 30 minutes for lunch. The noodle is not greasy at all. I eat here once a week.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kristine T.', '3', "This freaking place is so small! Every time i come here i'm always sitting next to the restroom!! yuckk i dont know why they always seat me there but it makes me feel grossed out. One of my co worker loves to eat at this place.. The food here is ok. Everyone comes here for their Hu Tieu Nam Vang. Nothing special. The PHO AP CHAO is so much better than the hu tieu.."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Camille L.', '4', 'It feels pretty dirty inside and cramped. Noodles are great - it tastes like soy sauce and fried instant noodles. Parking sucks in the plaza. I would just order to go rather than wait around.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Audrey N.', '5', "A typical small unclean restaurant with delicious food! Cheap and unique. You can't find their specialty, hu tieu nam vang, with soup on the side, that tastes like that anywhere else! I highly recommend."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Holly V.', '3', 'i come here when i feel like dipping some chinese donuts into some good beef broth before i get my dry mi (noodle) nam vang. this place doesnt have the nicest decoration or even look the cleanest. but if you can past by all those, trust me the food is worth it. BUT if your a big eater.. a small bowl wont fill you up... they are really tiny..']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ann L.', '5', 'I am such a big fan of Nam Vang been coming here for YEARS!!! I usually order the Hu Tieu Nam Van Kho (Dry Noodles) with extra sauce on the side. The service here is expected from a typical Vietnamese restaurant so no high expectations on the service. The best time to go is after lunch on any given day and especially on the weekends there is a wait.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Chrese D.', '4', "My family comes here all the time. So I know how It can get very busy on weekends. Plus there are always homeless people outside asking for money. Waitresses are also very friendly and can speak Vietnamese, Chinese, and Cambodian. This place is dirty and doesn't look nice but the food is very good. I always get the #1 because its always delicious. The xiu mai and Chinese doughnut are awesome too!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Burry B.', '5', "best nam vang style noodles, and bone soup ever in the bay area, and maybe the USA until i find better. good stuff, i'm a repeat customer.  your probably will need to have a tongue for asian food if you eat here.  This is as authentic as it gets.  again, good stuff!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jacki E.', '3', "I really like the flavor of their hu tiem nam vang kho. This is the only thing I order here, and I ask for it with no liver and no bean sprouts. The portions are pretty small, so even with a large, I'm not really full : ("]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Herb R.', '5', 'I only go here for the dry noodles and with the broth on the side. Their serving is okay and the price is good. I have never tried nam vang the next morning after drinking though.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Kathy L.', '5', "This place has been around so long, and I've still been coming back with my family. Must try the Nam Vang noodles... MMMMMM.. I guess it's worth the sometimes bad parking during the lunch hours.. But dinnertime parking is usually pretty good.. I blame it on the coffeeshop in the plaza."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Elisa T.', '1', "Ok so i hear all the hype about nam vang, everyone loves it, but saturday night I came here for dinner with the bf and i was really disappointed. Maybe it was just a bad night to go, but it had to be the worst hu tieu ive ever had. The soup was off, the meat wasn't plentiful, and the service was ehh, however they did get the food out quickly. Mi la cay is better on mckee. But ive only been here once and i'll give it another shot and make my final decision."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Jason T.', '4', 'This place is Cambodian? Could\' have fooled me.  Apparently this place has multiple identities - Chinese, Cambodian, and Vietnamese.  I guess i"ll call it Cambovietnese cuisine. Anyway, I eat here about once a month.  I order a #1 dry, xiu mai, and CHINESE DONUT (yeah buddy, I don\'t care if it\'s called \'cha quay\' in Cambodian)...and I always get my bean sprouts steamed.  It also comes with a bowl of soup with a piece of bone.  If the bone has a decent amount of meat, then you\'d hit the Nam Vang jackpot. The #1 has a bunch of stuff in it.  But the first thing you\'ll taste is the oily noodles and MSG! lol.  it\'s not that it\'s a bad thing....just noticeable.  It\'s a good thing I order a diet coke to wash down the oil from the noodle and CHINESE DONUT.   To discuss other things... parking is a joke, as it always is in any Asian shopping plaza.  Also keep in mind this place is somewhat in the ghetto.  You\'ll get your typical Asian "gangstas" and their "ladies" grubbing.  Sometimes I feel like I\'m a table flip away from getting gang beaten.  But you know what? It\'s worth the risk!  This place is THAT good.  Especially the CHINESE DONUT. Besides the obvious drawbacks, this place does lack in a few things.  Specifically it\'s customer base.  Some of these people I\'ve sat next has absolutely NO hygiene.  So I saw this couple eating straight out of the chili pepper bowl! HELLO! There\'s a tiny plastic fork there for a reason.  WTF?!  Don\'t be digging your chopsticks into it!  Also, if you\'re done eating, don\'t just sit around and pick your goddamn teeth and using your iphone as a mirror!  WTF?!   Those are just a few things I\'d like to share...but yeah...go eat here!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mochi M.', '5', 'im not going to judge on the parking that wouldnt be fair. your fault for coming at a busy time if you cant find any. im not really going to be picky with the super cleanliness. i wouldnt expect more in this kind of location, BUT the food was great. i just love the food...good price for a big dish. yummy. alwyas would come here to grab to go when im in a rush. plus, my little brother became great friends with the cashier. always ramling on about her. they make it feel family welcomed. great place']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'mike t.', '2', "Porridge wasnt good as Other places like hankee or new sam kee! A bit pricey..just a little pricey...well the porridge is sour and gross and the hu tieu nam vang's not as yummy as people say it is..nothing special and pretty crowded when I got there so I thought it wasnt gonna be unsatisfactory! =|"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'T. T.', '3', 'Good and fast food.  The food can be pretty oily though.  This is the type of place you to go to every once in a while to fulfill your cravings for noodle dishes/soups.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Nathalie N.', '4', "Mmmm...soo good! I've never had dry noodles like this before. The fried onions made everything so tasty. I would definitely like to come again...but this time for a large portion."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Amy L.', '4', "I had the #1 kho like alot of yelpers suggestion here. It's definitely the best hu tieu nam vang I've ever had around here. I want to come back and try their family- style dishes!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Leon L.', '4', 'my family has been eating here since forever. i usually get the "cambodian" style noodle soup. some people like it dry, i like mine with soup. the broth is very tasty, msg laden? its great. try this, very different from pho.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Vivian N.', '5', "Been going here since I was little. Love it. Only get the #1 with soup on the side. Add some chilis and I'm good to go. Not the cleanest place but I still like to come here every few weeks. Cheap n yummy!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'kim t.', '1', 'I felt so yucky inside this restaurant. the tables smell like dirty rags and its just so crusty inside from the tables down to the floors and walls. I had combination crispy noodles which were okay. But this restaurant is popular for its "mi nam vang dac biet". noodles with seafood and broth on the side. I won\'t come back because its just too dirty for me. I can\'t imagine what the kitchen looks like.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Xing L.', '4', 'best dry noodles are here yo...number #1 is the dish to get...funny thing is that ive never eaten anything else here...i dont even think ive even seen anything other than the dry noodle dish on other peoples table...lol foreals though the seating is really bad[you can reach over a slap someone]...so really....this is what you do: order the number 1[large], your choice of beverage, get the bean sprouts cooked, when your bowl comes squeeze that lime in it, add a couple spoonfuls of broth in it, and grub! you will not be disappointed but if you are ill buy you your next bowl....sike!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Beach L.', '5', 'best hu tieu nam vang kho. my most favorite dish ever! i love adding tuong pho and red chilli sauce!']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'M. L.', '2', "Sub-par compared to other Hu Tieu places, s.a. Hu Tieu Da lat on Williams, which is way better.  Portions are too small, overdose of Soya sauce doesn't make it an authentic sauce, and the green pepper is way too hot and yet not that sour.  My other recommendation would be Mi La Cay on McKee if you are in for noodle.   I personally would not go here again."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Tawn W.', '4', "I always get the Hu Tieu Nam Vang.... with the soup on the side. I like how it comes with meat in the soup. I've always like this place."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Anthony N.', '3', 'service is typical vietnamese service. restaurant\'s kinda dirty, but some say.."the dirtier the restaurant, the better the food." hahaha i think it might only apply to viet restaurants. i only come here for the hu tieu nam vang and the xiu mai with that greasy bread. both are good. the serving is small tho..a large bowl doesn\'t leave me satisfied. i haven\'t tried anything else other than those two. i\'ve written my review but i\'d like to say that i think Cao Nguyen has much better hu tieu nam vang. check it out.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Cathie L.', '4', 'Decided to try this place after reading the other reviews. Had their Hu Tieu Nam Vang with soup on the side. It was pretty good. I asked for half rice noodle and half egg noodle and they were able to comply, though my bowl came out with just a few strands of rice noodle and mostly egg noodle. Price for the small size is $6, which is not that cheap compared to other noodle joints in San Jose. The waiter also asked if I wanted "xiu mai". I didn\'t know what that was but tried it anyway. That\'s a pork dumpling with jicama in it (I believe that\'s what the white bits in it are). Its size is between a golf ball and a tennis ball. I didn\'t care for it much. The cost for that is $1.50.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Charlene C.', '3', "my co-workers like going here once in a while and of course i oblige. i've tasted quite a few items from here because each time i go i order some thing different. i've had their regular soup - hu tieu, the vermicelli and the beef stew noodle soup. i loooooove beef stew noodle soup and there's was very satisfying. this place is not very clean though and if you don't speak the language it can be a bit intimidating to order."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'C C.', '2', 'Interesting food, but wasn\'t as "flavorful" as I had expected. Will give it another go, but was just basic tasting, over salty food.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Mai T.', '4', "Everytime I come here, I always get the specialty, Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho (dry) and it is always a winner!  Service moves fast here and they rotate the people in and out quickly.  Don't let the hole in the wall atmosphere deter you, there is always a crowd waiting to be served here.  The parking in the plaza is somewhat of a pain so heads up if you're coming during the peak lunch hours."]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Ny S.', '5', 'Love Cambodian food. This is one of the best. When my Cambodian friends come to visit me in the Bay, I always take them here. Every time I come here, I always order the number #1 and some fried Chinese donut. I want to try something else, but the number #1 is a must. You got to have the noodle dry with soup on the side; has more favor that way. It get crowded, 10 minutes to find parking, 30 minutes to get seated. 10 minutes to order. Come during off-peak hours.']
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'sasaw A.', '4', "This is one of my favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurants when I'm in the area for authentic tasting Vietnamese/Cambodian food.  Order the small #1 if you want a light lunch or order the large #1 if you're hungry.  I get both types of noodles (1/2 rice noodle, 1/2 egg noodle).  Don't forget the xieu mai and the gio chao quay.  I prefer cooked bean sprouts to mix in with the noodle bowl.  It also comes with a serving of broth to finish off.  Quick service and a fulfilling meal at a reasonable price can't be beat!"]
['nam-vang-restaurant-san-jose', 'Gummy B.', '4', 'my friends and i always came here when we were in high school and college. we always had to get the hu tieu nam vang, so delicious. the meatball and chinese donut are also pretty good.  quick service for a great price.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Vanesa D.', '4', "This restaurant is situated in a really busy plaza with always-not-enough parking. If you're planning on going a weekend, be prepared to circle or to park somewhere else and walk over to the plaza. However, parking aside, the food here is so worth it. Their crispy chicken is just so good and I feel like it has the right amount of saltiness to it. The small bowl of scallion soup/broth that they give you along with some of the dishes really pulls the flavors together. I love the combination with the yellow noodles (mi). Also a plus, they take card!  Pros: They know how to make chicken and they take card. Cons: The parking is abysmal in this plaza."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Paul V.', '3', 'The first time I ate dinner here, I had the "com gà rô ti" (= roasted chicken with tomato fried rice). The flavors were just right. The skin of the chicken was crispy & tasty. So was the meat. The dipping sauce was flavorful too.  However, when I returned many months later, the same dish was barely eatable. The chicken skin was salty; so were the broth, which came with the dish, and the dipping sauce.  The service was polite & efficient.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Vi Y.', '3', "I love their crispy sticky rice.  On the menu it comes with fried chicken wings....but it's so hard to eat the wings there while still trying to look like a sexy Asian girl, so I normally get it with ga xe, dark meat.    Their mi ga roti kho is pretty legit too.   Minus 2 stars for all the hair still on the chicken.  If that doesn't gross you out, then you're all set!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ed U.', '3', "Even though I know East San Jose is home to the country's largest Vietnamese community, I really haven't done a deep search for my beloved Hainan chicken in this area. I've been to Com Ga Nam An and really liked it, but hey, that's Downtown (review). Driving on Story Road reminded me of all the pan-Asian eateries and shops I saw on East Valley Blvd. down in Alhambra, but here it's Vietnamese food everywhere. I read about this place when I typed 'Hainan chicken' on my Yelp app, and indeed they serve it. When I entered, I noticed it was one of those places that catered to larger parties, solitary diners not so much. They had to seat me at a table for four. The menu choices for Hainan chicken were all $11.50 no matter what part of the poultry you order. I went for the Dui Ga (Chicken Leg) though I was disappointed by the paltry portion on my plate. In hindsight, I probably should have ordered the combination plate to get more for my money. My plate came with an inverted bowl full of chicken-flavored sticky rice. It wasn't as moist as I was expecting, and my lunch came with a bit of Dia Kimchi (Fermented Cabbage) presumably as a side vegetable (photo:  ). I noticed I could get a side of Chicken Giblets (Chen Long Ga) for $3.95, and rather inexplicably, it came in a bowl of very light broth with onions (photo:  ). I didn't mind it. I just wished my chicken leg got such star treatment. My conclusion was that I need to do more investigation before my next dining trip down there. It's just way too rich an area of culinary choices to ignore. FOOD - 3 stars...somewhat disappointed in the portions here, the flavors were OK AMBIANCE - 3 stars...set up for big groups, awkward for the rest of us SERVICE - 2.5 stars...think they just wanted me in and out quick TOTAL - 3 stars...definitely authentic but just in terms of service and portions, meh RELATED - Looking for other Vietnamese eateries? Here's a list of places I've tried and reviewed: "]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'David M.', '5', "Best tasting chicken pho in San Jose !! Don't miss out! Their ginger chili is the best addition to the broth. This place won't disappoint you."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tina N.', '4', "Mama knows how to cook, but she also knows the good spots around the bay!  Price: $11.95 for the congee with duck tossed with cabbage and banana blossom Tina's Travel and Tourism:  - Parking can be tight, but just round it. It's the territory of Hispanics and Asians. LOL.  - Dip that duck in the customized ginger fish sauce. - Crazy that it's a place known for pho, but the porridge was delicious!  - The porridge isn't as thick as normal because you add all the vegetables and duck into it to get the consistency right!  - What can cure your sickness or cold other than a great big bowl of porridge/congee? If I'm ever sick, bring me this and I'll love you forever. Maybe a little bit."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'NV D.', '5', 'You should try all their chicken dishes: rice plate, stick rice, salad, pho, mien,.. EVERYTHING. Because they are ALL tastes GOOD & HEALTHY. Besides this, their fermented fish soup- bun mam is alright... My favorite is Com Ga Roti topped with an omelet...YUM YUM :D']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Anna L.', '5', 'Chicken pho was pretty gooooood! Ordered the dark and white meat combo and left very full and happy!  Quick tip - for the two chicken pho specials, they come in the large size, might want to share if not too hungry']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jenn N.', '5', "This place is crackin'. There always seems to be a line out the door whenever I go. My fave dish here is the ga roti. I have yet to try the other dishes, but have heard from friends that their chao vit and pho ga are also good."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Destynnie T.', '3', "Loved the noodles and chicken, but the soup was WAYYYY too salty and oily. I was drinking water all night.  You can see the oil in the broth in my attached image.  When you order your chicken pho, you have the option of rice noodle, egg noodle, or Vietnamese udon noodles. My bf and I both got the same chicken pho but I opted for egg noodle and my bf got the rice noodle. When the dish came out, it was DISTINCTIVELY different. My soup was very oily and yellow, while his was clear-ish. After tasting both soups, it was clear that mine was a lot saltier and not the same as his.  The waiter confirmed that the soup was different because of our noodle choice. They should have  told us the soup would be different when we ordered OR stated that the soup would be different on the menu.   I ended up picking through my noodles and putting it into my BF's less salty broth. Pretty bitter about the salty soup tbh, but the noodles and chicken were exceptional.  Might be back to give it another try. But for now... I'm just gonna chug a couple gallons of water to dilute my salty dinner."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Raul S.', '5', "The best place for chicken IMO, which is hard to say because if you're from San Jose there are quite a few. Every time I've been to this place I've never had a bad experience.  Every meal I've tried, plus the appetizers were delicious. It's never too busy and the food and service is awesome.  Check it out! ESSJ"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kate N.', '5', "What a staple for your yellow chicken dishes!! As they do offer way more than just chicken dishes - they are KNOWN and I mean KNOWN for yellow chicken dishes.  From pho to onion/cabbage salads, rice porridge and delicious rice plates - this will cure your chicken craving!  My favorite is onion salad or cabbage salad with chicken. Although you cannot go wrong with a chicken porridge either - a big bowl is definitely enough for 3-4 people, not too thick or watery, just perfect.  My boo had their fried chicken plate, which comes with egg noodles (YUUUM, stir fried and NOT oily at all, topped with fried garlic) and a bunch of full lettuce leaves, chives and herbs. He couldn't stop raving about it!  The meals come out quickly and fresh!  You can really be in and out quick, they do get fairly busy so be prepared to possibly wait during dine in times. Cheers!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Maggie L.', '4', "We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and the restaurant was half full. Service was quick and the food came out in no time.  If it's your first time here, try their famous chicken pho ($10.95). It was on the plain side, but can be perfectly satisfying if you were sick or craving comfort food.  For something more flavorful, I would recommend  1) rotisserie chicken with red rice and fried egg - the plate was like a piece of art with lots of vibrant colors and even more flavors. Dip the chicken in the soy sauce! 2) vermacelli with bamboo shoot and steamed duck are good options - there were 2 separate parts to this dish, one was a medium bowl of pho with bamboo shoots and vermacelli noodle, the other plate came with steamed duck with shredded cabbage and banana peel (I didn't even know humans eat banana peels ) Tip:  1) Don't forget to order a fresh sugar cane juice, they make a good one here 2) Use the dipping sauce, esp the chicken/duck one (sweet and a little gingery)  3) Bring someone who speaks Vietnamese can make the selection and ordering process much easier!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jasmine P.', '5', "My favorite dish here is the com ga roti, which is seasoned rice with rotisserie chicken served with egg and salad. I have returned to this restaurant multiple times just for this dish. I am actually having a com ga roti craving as I type this up. The rice is sooo good. They fuse tomato in it and the aroma is amazing. It is also very soft, yet firm and chewy. You don't want fully soft and chewy rice with this dish, so they made it just right. On top of the rice, they place a sunny side up egg, fried to perfection. When you break the egg yolk, it will spill down to the rice, making it oh so yolky smooth and delicious. They know what they are doing with their chicken here. The rotisserie chicken for the com ga roti is consistently flavorful, has soft and tender meat with amazingly crispy skin. There is enough sauces on the chicken that you will not even need the soy sauce mix on the side. If you want some more salty zing to your dish, you can definitely add a bit of the sauce. The sauce is very tasty, so I will usually dip a spoonful of food here and there in it. There is also a side of greens that consists of lettuce, onions, cilantro, and tomatoes. You always need your vegetables and this is a refreshing side to the dish. The sauce from the chicken makes a good salad sauce for it. Lastly, they give you a side of soup that has some mien noodle, cilantro, and green onions in it. Such an amazing dish. I appreciate this restaurant making the full experience of this dish whole from start to finish. They really cover all the bases in this meal. Other dishes I really like are the the mien ga mang vit, bun mang vit, and goi mang vit. Their noodle soup always has a rich and flavorful broth. The mien (clear noodles) are nicely thin and soft for the mien dishes. They make a great nuoc mam gung (ginger fish sauce) to go with the bun mang vit. The goi mang vit has a delicious zesty sauce. You can also order a combo of the bun and goi mang vit under bun goi mang vit. They do not skimp out on portions here. Be prepared for a hearty, full meal. And again, they know what they are doing with their chicken here!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lya S.', '5', "I've never had better Vietnamese food than this!!! My Vietnamese manicurist recommended this place and you know I had to visit! Their Pho is phenomenal, their Dry Noodles with Chicken is my favorite, & their Fried Chicken Wings were my boyfriend's favorite! Wow! Sugarcane drink is to die for--try that! I'd come back for sure when I'm in town. There's usually a line so be patient because it's worth it! Free parking in the lot."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'David K.', '4', "Downgrading this review to 4 stars... I've ordered the chicken pho with fresh noodles but instead I get the regular pho instead. This is twice now! I'm usually not the type of return stuff either but it sucks to drive out to SJ and not get the correct order. Also are the owners new? The pho doesn't taste as flavorful as before."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Juliana P.', '4', "4.5 rounded down bc my taste buds were slightly numbed due to sickness. I ordered the porridge with the onion salad and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was the perfect bowl of mush needed to cure my cold. I also tried a spoon of the chicken pho and was very surprised at how light it tasted. I'd love to be back to try it. The salad embodied a full onion taste and ruined my breath, so please avoid if you are on a hot date. The service was so-so and the Korean MV playing in the back was a bit too much, but phogivable."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Debbie D.', '5', "I love the chicken here, I always get their chicken with noodles. Chicken is so juicy and flavorful, and they give you sauce with it too. Noodles are tossed in a special sauce so they're not bland. My friends like to get it with the red rice which is also flavorful. I can't highly recommend this place enough!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Marlon T.', '4', "Pho Ga Nha is a delicious place for not-your-average Vietnamese dishes since the focus is on chicken. They also serve delicious duck that you don't want to miss out on! My wife ordered me a tasty fried chicken and orange rice dish (I think number 15). If you're not that adventurous and want something good for sure, I'd get on that. Among the hundreds of Vietnamese restaurant in this area, Pho Ga Nha is a good spot that won't disappoint!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lum C.', '5', "I come here a few times per month to get Pho Ga take out. It's so delicious and the chicken is so tender and flavorful! Recently I discovered the Duck Noodle Soup -Bun Mam Viet, which has very tender and flavorful pieces of duck meat. Definitely reccomend this place!!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Trish W.', '2', "What is wrong with my fellow reviewers? Or am I missing something? This is my second time trying to figure out what makes this place so popular with the Vietnamese community here in San Jose. I found everything we tried unappealing in flavor-either bland or weird tasting. We had duck noodle soup. Duck was absolutely flavorless probably because it had been boiled and underseasoned. The assorted meats noodle soup in anchovy broth was sweet and just gross tasting.  The chicken with green vegetable and mushroom was bland and tasted of oyster sauce only. The only thing I liked was the coconut milk and tropical fruit drink in crushed ice, but even that, I had to ask for extra sugar syrup because it was so unsweet. Decent service although server declined to let us switch the anchovy broth soup for another item when we told them we didn't like it."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Erica T.', '5', "It's our family's new favorite place! We ordered one chicken rice plate, one rotisserie chicken with red rice and one rice noodle with chicken salad, all of them were so delicious, our two kids 4 and 2 yo loved all the food! They were so yummy!!! Will come here more often!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Connie N.', '4', 'Very decent food and reasonable price! Hope this place will stay on biz for a long time.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Johnny M.', '5', "Hands down my favorite spot for pho ga in the south bay. Order the #1-comes with their magical broth, scallions, hainan chicken, and rice noodles. On the side, get sticky rice and pour the broth into it after you're done with the noodles. Guarantee satisfaction."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'William L.', '4', "I really love pho. Today I wasn't feeling beef pho so I decided to try the next best thing: chicken pho! This place has nice interior decor and the service was efficient. I ordered the #2 chicken leg pho and my girlfriend ordered the #1 chicken combo pho. The portions are huge and the chicken is really fresh and tender. This isn't your regular American chicken, it's way more tender and chewy. They give plenty of chicken as well! The broth was light, flavorful and not too salty. Just the way I like it!  You have to try the sauce they give you, its yellow ginger with a bit of red chili in it. One thing to note: I ordered my #2 chicken leg pho with rice noodles and the broth was what I expected. However my girlfriend ordered a #1 chicken combo pho with egg noodles and her broth was very different from mine. Hers was salty and tasted like wonton noodle soup broth.  So do note they have different broths. Make sure you ask for the chicken broth!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jocey H.', '4', "I was never really a fan of chicken pho but wow, this place met it's expectations and it was overall a great experience!  It is really nice inside and the staff were really sweet! They don't really speak english here, but that's okay! Their food speaks for itself.  I ordered pho with shredded chicken . Broth itself was yummy! Different than what I usually order but definitely good and flavorful!   I'm also a fan of the sauce they give you on the side to dip your chicken in. i just wished they served the soup super hot (i asked) but it came out lukewarm. Noodles were over cooked. I will be back to give this place another try :-) Spend $20 for two small bowls. Decent prices!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kelly L.', '5', 'This is like an hidden gem on story road, my favorite com ga xiu xiu (special rice with chicken) are so bomb here! I love their rice chicken plate so yummy and with their ginger sauce. The price are reasonable and good amount of portion. The glass noodle with chicken broth and chickens are my number 2 favorite. I will definitely come back and bring my colleagues to this place!  My 2nd time visited and the servers are nice!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'P L.', '5', "Fast services, good food, nice decorations!!! My favorite food is duck noodle soup with bamboo. Hug bowl of soup and a dish of vegetables and duck. I can't finish all good dishes, to go then! Make sure you come early on the weekends or holiday or call before you come! Very crownded"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'S T.', '5', 'Long overdue rating and review. I love their duck noodle dish. No where can beat this place! It a must try dish! Also their sugar cane is pretty good too.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Elvis N.', '4', "I prefer beef & oxtail pho myself, but decided to have some pho ga tonight with my family. The interior is really nice for a Vietnamese restaurant without looking hipster.  The pho was good, but the additional nuoc beo I ordered really brought it to another level. The chicken was cooked nicely although I don't think the side of plum sauce was necessary for a soup. The com ga dac biet (#10) on the other hand, benefited well from the sauce.  Service was poor since the staff were distracted watching Paris by Night the whole time and forgot to bring out a few items. We had to holler for their attention a few times, but I guess it's not terrible for a viet place. Overall, not a bad place if you're craving pho ga. 4/5."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Anny C.', '4', "I always get the com ga hai nam plate here. The chicken is super tender and flavorful. Definitely recommend it. My husband usually gets the com ga roti. It's a larger portion and it's super filling."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Mimi N.', '5', "Com ga hai nam uc! It's the chicken rice plate with the breast cut.  Get that. You won't regret it. Rice is perfect. Chicken is perfect. Pickled cabbage is perfect. Chili ginger sauce is perfect. I had a plate today for lunch, and now, I want another plate for dinner."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thuong D.', '4', "When my bestie suggested we come here for dinner, I'll admit I was not pleased. I've passed by this place several times but have never given it a second glance, much less be enticed to go in. But friends don't let friends vote for Trump or do stupid things (alone), so off we went. To my surprise, the restaurant is actually quite nice and spacious. Coming from the entrance, there are two sides to be seated in. To the right is the main dining area and to the left is a more secluded space with less tables. We sat to the side where Beyoncé told the dude to put everything he owns, but I prefer it like that anyways because when things don't go right, go left. Service was as expected for a Vietnamese restaurant. They take your order and once the food is out, you're on your own. Com Hai Nam w/ goi ga xe hanh tay- To the naked eye this portion looks to be huge. But upon closer examination, it's mostly elevated with onions and a few sporadic pieces of thinly sliced chicken. Taste-wise, I think it's pretty good when mixed with the provided ginger fish sauce. I would probably order this again as an appetizer, not main entree. Com Ga Ro Ti- Everything about this dish is notable. The chicken is tasty and moist, unlike the usual impression I get where it's dry and hard to swallow. Along with it is a side of house soy sauce to water over the red rice or to dip the chicken in; although this step can be skipped for anyone with a more subtle pallet as all is already fittingly flavored. But for those who are extra like myself, it's an added bonus. Also included is a sunny-side up egg, soup, and small salad. I appreciate these sides being incorporated into the set price instead of having to order it all separately. I find it disappointing and even a bit insulting when a dish is left plain or incomplete. Of course it's all going to end up in our stomachs either way, but let's be honest, presentation is everything. Any car can take you from point A to point B, but would you rather be cruisin' down the street in a '64 or blowin' out polluted smoke in a pinto? Seems like an Eazy-choice to me. In the end, I'm glad I put my premature feelings aside and gave this place a chance. It exceeded my expectations and got me thinking about it so much I even broke the three day rule. But what the heck, rules are meant to be broken right? Especially that ridiculously outdated one. So a word to the wise: If you're skeptical about something/ someone, just give it a shot. I sure did and let me tell you, best decision ever! Winner winner, chicken dinner!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'David S.', '4', "I don't typically write review just after one try, but this place is really awesome.  Best chicken pho ever IF you like free range chicken, which is a little tougher to chew, but the flavor is far far better than fat hormone-filled chicken that we are used to.  They also have duck and beef dishes but I only had chicken pho."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'John D.', '3', 'The "millionaire" owner and her daughter are very "pity".! My wife went there and bought some dished to go and REMINDED the server NOT to forget to put the ginger sauce that comes with the dishes that they FORGOT the last time BUT the daughter and mother thought that my wife had something "fishy" with the server (like she wanted him to throw in something "extra" ; something like that so they asked my wife if she needed "any helps"? and "VOLUNTEERED to take over the order ( they told the server to take a lunch break!) so they could INSPECT what\'s inside the bag; to make sure the server didn\'t put anything EXTRA in there !         WHAT a "pity" business owners.!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Dorothy L.', '5', "Another family favorite! Weekend nights are pretty busy so get there early if you don't want to wait.  I like everything I've ordered from here. Usually most of us go with the Chicken Pho. The broth is super flavorful and delicious. Last time I got the Ga Roti - Viet Roasted Chicken. The chicken glaze is sweet and savory. My favorite flavor combo! Pho usually comes out super fast. When I got the Ga Roti I had to wait a bit longer, but it was worth it! Good bang for your buck. Service is typical of any Viet restaurant. They charge for tea.  Parking can be a little tight. I don't know why they make the spaces so tiny here.. You can often find people parked in two spaces bc they dgaf!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lillian B.', '4', "Known for their rotisserie chicken dishes (you can get it with noodles or rice). I like to add a fried egg with mine. Great tasting, but can get pretty salty towards the end because all the sauce is concentrated at the bottom over time. The wait is usually long, which is not something I'm used to in San Jose."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Angela T.', '4', 'Must order #15 rotisserie chicken with tomato rice and egg. They give you so much food you can easily split it into two meals. I tried resisting ordering their fresh sugar cane juice, but ordering it is your best decision possible. I swear they paste photos of it all over the restaurant just to tease you.  $15 card minimum. They charge you a to-go fee.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Zach N.', '2', 'The food is good. Unfortunately the service is terrible, well mainly with the cashier\'s attitude. She threw your card/change/receipts on the counter as if "you\'re done, get the hell outta there".']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lihz P.', '5', "Yummy! Just had this for the first time with my parents for lunch today! We were seated quickly and the servers were very attentive even during the lunch hour rush! I ordered the com ga roti, which is the red rice with Vietnamese styles rotisserie chicken and a sunny side up egg with a side salad and soup. It was super filling! The chicken skin was crispy and had a really good flavor, the chicken was juicy and tender - not dried out like other places.  My dad ordered the egg noodle w fried chicken and that looked amazing as well, he said it was really good (even better than a place we go to regularly) ! & since my mom is feeling under the weather the restaurant allowed her to get plain porridge / congee.  Will be back for sure! Especially since it's in the same plaza as the guy who cuts my hair!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Bo N.', '3', 'Chicken roti: comes with sauce, not bad. Chicken special rice (dac biet): also just an ok dish, noting to rave about.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'J W.', '1', "We tried the deep fried chicken with yellow noodle with soup together. My coworker tried #15 red rice with rotisserie chicken and ordered hot tea. My noodles were super soggy it's like they pre cooked the noodles ahead of time and then recook it with the soup which was super salty. I asked for some lemon slices but never got any. The chicken was very salty. I couldn't eat the noodles nor the chicken. My coworker said her roti chicken was sweet and her red rice was sweet like sweet sticky rice(xoi gac) tea was $1 per cup. Food not good and service bad. Not coming back. Pics below was my food that was leftover that I couldn't eat way too salty."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Linda T.', '5', 'Love this place. They have the best com ga roti. The service is also good. This place never disappoint me.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Amy C.', '4', "We went on Christmas Day and it was super crowded. We waited around 45 minutes before getting seatI got the chicken thigh pho. Super flavorful broth. Amazing. I think next time I would prefer the rotisserie chicken with rice and the chicken broth on side. The service was bad. They took forever to serve us and they seemed to need a different waitress to get our order since we didn't speak Vietnamese. The food took 20 minutes after we ordered to arrive. And the waitlist name calling was difficult to understand. The food was delicious though. Would come back when less crowded. Came back again and we really liked the rice with rotisserie chicken #15- super filling and really delicious, crunchy, and flavorful"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Minh Phuong H.', '4', "It's not difficult to find a Vietnamese restaurant in San Jose but I always come here because they have great food and a good service, despite the fact that it's located in one of the most busiest area and it's sometimes really hard to find a parking spot there, especially in the evening and on the weekend.  Their menu has a lot of different dishes like soup, pho ( chicken and beef), rice, noodles,...My favorite one is Bun Mang Goi Vit -- which is a soup dish with clear noodle, bamboo, together with a plate of cabbage salad with duck and I have that every time. Although sometimes I have to wait a little for the food but it's totally worth it because it is served hot, freshly cooked, very tasty and well-decorated. One more good thing here is that they serve their food with big portion, I can never finish up myself, even when I'm hungry, but I can always have the leftover to go. Other than the delicious food, the thing that keeps me coming here is their service.  The waiters and waitresses welcome guests with a smile and a nice attitude. The first time I were there, I was served by a lady that explained the menu patiently to me so I could have my best choice, even though I already did some research about them before going over there but her recommendation still very helpful.  Overall, even though the location is a little bit disadvantageous, the tasty food and nice service will definitely please you."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Maggie G.', '4', "Came here after a Sunday evening date at the California Theater in SJ (awesome date ambience!). BF and I didn't need another date-like ambience place for dinner cuz we together already LOL, so we set out to find some good chicken pho :D  Chicken leg clear noodles ($10.50) - 4 stars Loved the clear noodles in this one! it's not common when the clear noodles are cooked perfectly. The broth was awesome too. However, the chicken dark meat was way too chewy for me, and I usually love dark meat. I hope it was just a one-off, and maybe I'll try it with chicken breast next time. Chicken salad with cabbage ($13.95) - 4 stars OK we ordered a small, but the guy was confused and made us pay for the large. That was kind of off-putting, but, to be fair, we did kill the large plate of salad, so.. no points deducted there. My jaw literally dropped when I saw how big that salad was. It comes with a perfect light dressing with a LOT of chicken. Delicious! Our waiter didn't know how to speak English well so he wasn't able to tell us about the dishes, but subsequently we received wonderful service from a manager-looking girl and another guy. Overall, super friendly service. Would be back again!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Athena L.', '3', "Came here because Yelp recommended this place when I searched for Pho Ga! I have to say though, it's not the best I've tasted. Not even second best.. Now that I think about it, it probably came up first in my search because pho ga is in their name. Hah!! Anyway...... I like that the restaurant itself is pretty clean and comfortable and I like that they give us sauces to dip our chicken in. But if the pho ga is really good, I don't need to dip the chicken in ANY sauce. And I also didn't really feel for the square bowl my pho came in.. stylish but I felt like I had to be extra careful to avoid splashing or spilling my soup. And I feel like they specialize in other dishes. So my suggestion is... read reviews and see what people actually recommended!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Phi P.', '5', "Pho is delicious and has a clean taste. Doesn't seem like the use too much fish sauce in their broth. Also I noticed the owner, an attentive old Vietnamese man in a Hawaiian shirt and shorts, who watches his business and doesn't find it beneath him to do even the most menial tasks."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Hong L.', '1', 'They gave me raw meat! I asked them and they said I was supposed to cook when I got home. This Togo order was for work. How do you expect me to have cooking ware at work? Bad service.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jenn W.', '3', "Chicken pho (combo) was just OK. I feel like they were a bit skimpy on the meat portion. Flavor of the soup was good, as were the noodles. We also got a half duck to share between 3 of us, which was just alright. It's probably just blanched in broth, but maybe would have been better mixed into some other dishes. I also got the ca phe sua da, which they pre-mix for you in a plastic cup of ice. I don't like the look of that, and really prefer when they do a real drip over a cup of ice with condensed milk! But taste was super strong and normal. Not my favorite chicken pho place. The search continues!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lina L.', '4', "This place has pretty good food. There's other proteins besides chicken. They also have duck and seafood. Disclaimer: the chicken they used here is not your typical american, store bought chicken. It's stringy and juicy in the best kind. Lots of chicken flavor infused in their broths. They also give you more than enough food per order. I would go here again."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'J K.', '2', "Took my family here since we were in the area. We ordered chicken pho and hai nan chicken rice plate, fried chicken wings, and sugar cane juice. Chicken pho was not bad and the soup was very flavorful. Fried chicken wings were gross as all of them had lots of feather still on the wings. Hainan chicken was very plain. Don't expect service from this place as we asked three times for high chair and they said yes three times but never brought it to us.  I will only come back for the chicken pho and sugar cane drink."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Amy T.', '3', "Clean restaurant, pleasant staff. I ordered the Pho Ga Dac Biet (Special Chicken Pho) but the broth was quite bland. This was surprising since it's their specialty. I also tried the Com Ga (chicken and rice) - chicken was tender, but for some reason the rice seemed uncooked (was unusually hard). For the quality of the food, I would not return here."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Louis L.', '5', "Chicken pho is not easy to cook great, but this restaurant does. So my friend keep recommending this restaurant, I don't care for chicken pho and I hate VN restaurants walking chicken, mostly bones and skins, they mistaken cage free and underfed chicken. Costco chicken is overfed with lots of meat and VN restaurant sell underfed chicken for the so call 'savvy' VN customers. Enough of ranting about the people, I came into the restaurant with an open mind. The restaurant is clean and crowded, well it was lunch time on a SATURDAY. The servers are pleasant, we didn't have to wait long. The place is doing so well, it took 2 shops to make into one, plenty of seats and still full. I ordered the pho chicken special with everything in it, gizzards, wing, leg, hearts, liver, breast... Little of everything. This restaurant really surprised me, the soup tastes great, the meat cooked just right, plenty of chicken and intestines, I have a thing about counting how many pieces of meat every restaurant served with the $10.5 bowl. 7 pieces of chicken meat and many hearts and gizzards, the noodles is on the light side. Anyhow, it was a great bowl of pho ga, I would order extra noodles if I was hungry. The parking lot only has compact spaces, it's hard to find parking space for bigger SUV. One more good thing, they do accept credit cards. Really, 5 stars and always full of people restaurant is simple, good food, don't skim on food, and be nice."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany W.', '5', "I'm not really a fan of chicken to begin with, but this place made me a lover!! I'll eat here any day for any meal. The pho here reminded me of Hainan chicken but in soup form, so I didn't have much expectations, but now I'm a forever fan. I like going for their number #1. The big bowl with everything in it. All kinds of chicken meat (breast, wing, thigh, etc) and organs (gizzard and liver.) It also comes with a garlic-y sweet sauce that you can eat with your chicken that I'm totally obsessed with. The broth here is so hearty and flavorful. It's ridiculously comforting. The noodles are always the right texture. Cooked just enough so that it fully cooks in the soup. The best part about this place is that they are consistent, and it's good every time.  I always want to try the other things on their menu, but their pho ga just pulls me in every time.  I'll eventually make my way through the menu. I plan on it!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kim N.', '5', "Bomb dot com!! I'm super addicted to this place. They have the best chicken. Their rice dishes are hand down amazing! Ordered one for here and one for later. Lolz."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Christine T.', '1', "So I read somewhere that this place is known for their rotisserie chicken...  naturally I assumed that the roti chicken is supposed to be good.  The chicken that ended up on my plate was sooo dry it was practically inedible.  The fancy red rice couldn't even save the dish as it was not especially tasty and the fried egg that topped the rice had a bit of egg shell mixed in it.  Not good eats."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Huong N.', '1', 'Pho ga was super salty and oily like one of the reviewers mentioned.  My son usually loves pho but he straight up detected this was not good.  Two thumbs down.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'David S.', '2', "The only good thing about this place is its cleanliness. The food isn't that good and over priced."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Margarita A.', '5', "I dream about this place. I am not a huge fan of beef pho. But Pho Ga... *drool* This place makes such flavorful broths and the fact that they have clear noodles makes me so happy. I haven't come across another pho place that gives you that option. My boyfriend also enjoys their filet mignon pho.  I normally don't like sugar cane juice but the waiter suggested I try theirs. I'm so glad I did! They add an orange slice and the combination of the two are just divine. I like to sink the slice all the way at the bottom and muddle it to get the flavor out. So so so good!  Can't wait to go back and eat here again!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jen H.', '5', "SOLID!!! I really enjoyed this place! Great for the price and portion too!!! For a table of 5, we all ordered the same item, which definitely tells you something! Bún Măng Gi Vt Vermicelli noodle soup with bamboo shoots and duck salad on the side So GOOD! I can't wait to be back! The salad was the best part!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lisa W.', '5', 'will be my favorite chicken pho place in SJ area. the fresh herbs made it worth it. chicken pho porridge with huge herb dressing on the side']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Michelle t.', '1', "Today I ordered the fermented fish noodle soup. It tasted super salty and old. It looked like it was made from the last batch of soup. It looked old and very nasty to eat. I just don't know how the owner has the audacity and conscience to sell something like this to customer. Absolutely disappointed!!!! I will never ever come back to this place."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thi K.', '5', 'Great variety, great service, clean and large portion. Like most places I avoid the weekend rush. I love that this place opens at 9 am!!! My favorite is porridge with cabbage chicken salad, #15 their chicken rice place is so large, it feeds half a family. They also have so many great noodle choices and their ginger fish sauce is so yummy. Cashier is always nice and friendly and the staff will bring you anything you ask for. Very kids friendly!!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Van V.', '1', "Nu các anh , các ch mun ăn bún mm thì đng đn đây ăn nha vì ngt lm ,k phi bún nc lèo sóc Trăng cũng k phi bún mm Sài Gòn mà v thì ngt ..... góp ý đ nu li cho va ăn mà còn ci li là nhm ngày ,tuy mm ngt thì nu ngt (mm nào mà là mam ngt)k 1 ting cám n . I wish I can give 0  if I can ,the food was too sweet , customers service is too slow and the cashier is such ,I don't know he knows how to cook or not but I think he did even know how to test a food ..... They didn't accept you feedback better don't go there you just wasted your money ."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jack C.', '4', "First of all, they got the best toothpicks I have ever came across at ANY restaurant. On everything. The toothpicks so damn sturdy, it must be made out of 100% all natural bamboo, or like an aged oak tree.  You know how some toothpicks get dull on the pointy side, and then breaks off in your teeth, so you gotta use the other side, to pick out the broken off piece of toothpick that's now stuck in your teeth?  Pho Ga ain't havin that.  It's details like that, that made my experience here enjoyable. If not for the quality of the chicken (both regular and fried are good), or the dipping sauces that comes prepared for you, or the comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff, then it's the toothpicks. Fsho the toothpicks that did it for me."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Melissa L.', '3', "Been here a few times and this place is pretty good if you're craving chicken pho in particular.  Their menu is kind of limited to mainly chicken things but good though. The dish comes with this ginger chili sauce which is bomb. You dip the chicken in it and it's amazing.  If you're craving other Vietnamese dishes this place isn't going to be it but if you want chicken pho this place is the place to get it"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Denisse T.', '5', "Everything is good except the music. It's so depressing :(  To management: please consider to change the music."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Diane T.', '4', 'I came here on a random sunday afternoon with some friends. We were all surprised by how awesome the meal was. I\'ll keep this short with one major tip! 1.) Stick with the chicken entrees! That is what they\'re known for..so don\'t stray and order anything that\'s not chicken! (with one exception, I heard the duck noodle is phenomenal). Overall, we had a great experience. I ordered the rotisserie chicken plate and was amazed at how moist and flavorful the dish was. The portions were huge and everything tasted so fresh. Did I mention the super bomb garlic/ginger sauce they serve? OMG, I cant eat that stuff with just a bowl of rice. Nonetheless, most of the entrees are also served with either garlic or tomato flavored rice.  My Bf ordered the chicken pho and the broth was very rich, smooth. It\'s actually the first chicken pho I\'ve (personally) had that I didn\'t find too "bland". I was very impressed with the broth and the amount of chicken they give. I know the reviews are mixed, but if you\'re in the mood for something out of the ordinary pho or mainly beef/pork heavy items, try this place out for your Vietnamese fix.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Huey T.', '4', "Very good cháo gi gà, xôi gà rô ti, mì gà khô (dry noodle with roasted chicken). Don't forget to try Bún Mm too. I think by far is the best in San Jose. However, service is bad. Not well organize and sometime they don't respond to your request."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Hong L.', '4', "One of our favorite Vietnamese restaurants to eat at because the food and chicken here is very good. They serve many Vietnamese dishes so you can get a variety to choose from.  We usually get either the pho or banh canh (with chicken breast). One of the dishes they are known for is com ga uc (rice and chicken breast), which comes with rice, slices of chicken, kimchi, and a bowl of soup.  Service here varies, sometimes it is fast, sometimes slow. Somehow we are always seated in a corner in the back. I wished they either had a heater during the winter, or air conditioning in the summer in the restaurant so you don't have to be either cold or hot while you eat. $15 credit card minimum."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tung D.', '4', 'Probably the best chicken Pho in the Bay. I had a Pho bowl with chicken, gizzards, hearts, etc. Every thing was so good. The meat was firm, the broth was light and good, the fresh noodles were on point. I also tried the Rice noodles with bamboo shoot and duck salad. (Bun Mang Vit) The portion was huuuuuge, and the noodles and the broth were on point too. There was a lot of duck meat. Only downside was the duck meat was too tough. Not falling off bone kind of meat. I would prefer the duck meat to be more tender.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Derek S.', '4', 'Came by for lunch the other day and it was a decent experience! I do recall stopping by this location when they restaurant specialized in Banh Cuon a few years back...even the waiter looks familiar... Ordered the Pho Ga w/ clear noodles and chicken thigh. The bowl of noodles were definitely on the pricey side at $10.5 for a large bowl. An entire drumstick and leg was part of the bowl which was definitely a plus. The broth was okay, as Pho Ga An Nam seems to be best, at least before the ownership change... Credit cards are accepted for $15+ purchases. ~$17/person after tax and tip.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Cyprus N.', '1', 'I ordered large side chicken salad and com ga ro ti plates. After paid at the register and included tips. I asked this young chick for a little cup of ginger fish-sauce for left over salad which I packed to-go. Shockingly, she told me I have to pay for it, how cheap and stupid can this be? I hope owner is happy with this because she/he just lost a customer who could be a regular one.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Yvonne N.', '4', "My hubby was feeling under the weather and requested chao. Did a quick search on yelp and choose this spot. I've passed this restaurant a few times, but never paid attention. I placed a TOGO order for chao ga, pho ga and udon ga. I was able to sample the chao and udon ga at home. I felt the soup was tasty and light, didn't feel there was much msg. I liked that each order came with a serving of the nuoc mam with ginger.  I would like to come back and try the bun mang vit and goi next time.  The restaurant was very clean and parking seemed fine around 5p."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Anna N.', '5', 'Took my mom here for a cold night dinner. She had Pho ga and i got myself Bun Mang Ga. very big portions, they both came with goi ga on the side. Love the soup here, very tasty and the chicken is very tender. Delicious food!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thai P.', '3', "We have been to this place for several years. The food have always been great but the service is getting worse and worse. Brought the family for the dinner on Mother's day, and they stacked 7 of us on a small table, which should be used for only 4. And when they brought out Ph, somehow they kept trying the food over the head of my 3 year old daughter. Told them once and they did it again."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Vu N.', '5', 'I just love this place. This is our number 1 place for Com Ga Roti. Have to get it every time I come here. Good customer service. Great good. Good price. This is our number one place to go if we can\'t decide on a place to go. No more "what you wanna eat babe?". I just order Togo from this place is the sure bet.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Luis G.', '4', 'I took my mom there for valentines. The pho was great. People were nice. Aside from a little confusion on the check arriving since you walk up and pay, and the language barrier, it was a really clean nice place. I will deffinatly frequent there.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ellen L.', '2', "Food is alright. I've had better pho ga. The service is horrible! The waiter was rude and could not get our order right. We have 5 people ordered 5 items yet he messed up 2 of the orders. Like how??? Not to mention we found a piece of hair in the thai iced tea."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jeannie T.', '4', 'Best chicken pho in South Bay I think.  This is my regular place for lunch.  Most dishes are good.  Their portion is very generous. Service is not bad for a Vietnamese restaurant. Lol.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tom B.', '5', 'I am a white guy who loves Vietnamese food.  I have been to Vietnam, so I do understand the food.  This place is great.  I had a plate with crispy chicken, wonderful noodles, and fresh greens.  My Vietnamese wife had duck noodle soup.  Everything was delicious.  The place was very busy on a Tuesday evening.  Once I got my food, I knew why.  I can not wait to go back and try other things.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Cindy D.', '4', "My mom has been here before and was raving about this place, so I decided to give it a try.   Reason why I docked ONE STAR: Parking wise, they are very tiny, tight spots. Interior of the restaurant is hectic and dirty (their plates, bowls, spoons were all stained and not washed properly), and the white sheet that they use to place on top of the table tops were cut, and it was so long that it was dragged across the ground by the worker. (When I saw that, I thought it was very unsanitary). I also saw that a lot of people didn't finish their food (lots of full pieces of chicken on their plates still) and when the workers were cleaning, they just take the plates directly back into the kitchen, instead of when most places just dump it into a bin right away. I'm not making assumptions, but it would be nice to see it dumped in front of your face.  Food review: I ordered a number 15, and I give the food itself a 5/5! Their chicken skin was so crispy, the chicken itself was very flavorful, you do not need to dip it in the soy sauce they provide you with. Instead, the people around me were eating this fish sauce/ginger dip, and even asked for seconds that he recommended to me to try it and said thats the reason why he came back here to eat. So I feel like the saltiness of the chicken, and the sweetness of the ginger dip makes the dish even that much more amazing! The rice is great, and so is the well cooked egg. The salad adds a nice touch to the dish as well. The workers forgot my soup, and so I had to ask for it. They mentioned in Vietnamese to each other that they do not have any more bowls for my soup as they were cleaning another table up (that had an untouched bowl of soup). Immediately, the worker took it to the back, and came out with my bowl of soup and food stuck to the side of my bowl of hot soup. I was questioning whether or not that bowl was the same bowl.  My  mom's plate was also stained.  Overall great place, and I will be back to bring other family and friends. I'm also excited to try other dishes!  But the cleanliness of this restaurant is questionable."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Chris V.', '4', "It's interestingly appropriate that I'd most likely return here for something other than chicken. Pho Ga Nha is in a plaza directly across Story Road from Vietnam Town. Upon finally analyzing the existing reviews, I learned that it is run by the original owners of Pho Ga An Nam, a restaurant in a nearby plaza at which I highly enjoyed the non-chicken dish Com Bo Luc Lac (shaking beef). This heritage was hinted at by the presence of a Bun Bo Hue An Nam labeled condiment container at our table. As an appetizer of sorts, I tried some of my mom's Bun Mang Goi Vit (vermicelli w/ duck salad, $12.50) - specifically, the duck salad part. It's shredded cabbage, banana blossom, crispy fried onion, Thai basil, and boiled duck. Served with a sweet and mildly spicy ginger sauce, this duck is wonderful and shows none of the negative stigma associated with boiled meat. My order was the Xoi Canh Ga Chien Don ($12.50), which is crispy fried sticky rice with fried, seasoned chicken. The rice is topped with crispy fried onions and scallions but otherwise doesn't do much for me. The chicken is pretty good, with crispy skin and juicy, flavorful meat. For me, it goes better with the aforementioned ginger sauce than the Maggi-esque seasoning (American version, not the good stuff). What really seals the deal is the delicious chicken broth served on the side with a bit of glass noodles (sorry, didn't include it in the attached photo). I'm pretty sure it's the same recipe as the one served with Com Bo Luc Lac at their old restaurant. I should also note that they offer hot jasmine or green tea ($1). It comes as a packaged packet of tea and a mug of boiling water. The green tea simply did very little for me except perhaps for a bit of an energy kick, so I'll probably switch to jasmine if I go back. EDIT: I actually learned that these guys have nothing to do with the Com Bo Luc Lac because their involvement predated at Pho Ga An Nam that dish, but I still think that the current dishes on the menu at Pho Ga Nha are worth consideration for a change from other typical VIetnamese cuisine."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Sky F.', '4', 'This place is pretty good, I love to finish the soup every time I have chicken noddle soup, but the soup got little salty after I drank half bowl. They do have fresh noodle that is not on the menu.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Brendan D.', '5', 'Okay, I know it says Pho Ga in the restaurant\'s name, but I\'ve never actually tried the Chicken Pho here.... And that is because their Chao Ga(chicken rice porridge) served with chicken salad is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  It\'s pretty much the only thing my family gets here, unless my mom is not in the mood for chao, then she\'ll get the same chicken salad with a rice plate instead.   It\'s a bit misleading to say chicken salad as you may think of the typical Chinese American chicken salad with some oriental mandarin orange sauce, but the name literally translates from Vietnamese to chicken salad, and this dish is quite different and so much better.  They use only free-range chicken in the salad, and you can really tell as each bite of chicken has a nice chew and bounce to the meat.  When you order this salad, you can choose to get it with either shredded cabbage or with thinly sliced onions.  My family always opts for the onions.  Additionally, if you look at the name on the menu, you\'ll see the name includes rau ram, which according to Wikipedia is "Vietnamese corriander."  It\'s not a bitter green, and it really adds a great flavor and depth to the salad.  The onions and rau ram are tossed in a vinaigrette, and after adding the chicken, the salad is topped with small bits of freshly fried onions.  Like most Vietnamese dishes, there is also a bowl of fish sauce accompanying this salad. Their chicken chao really hits the spot for me.  It is quite gingery, and my family really enjoys the ginger flavor, but not everyone may feel the same way.  The portion is quite generous, and it is always served piping hot.  There is not much else in the bowl of porridge though aside from the porridge itself because you eat it in conjunction with the salad.  But everything always tastes delicious and fresh.  If you\'re into Vietnamese food, and you really like chicken, I highly recommend giving this place a try!  I should probably get around to trying their chicken pho sometime, but I seriously cannot get over the chicken rice porridge and chicken salad.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'M C.', '4', 'The staff is really nice hear each time I have gone.  The pho is good for the area and their drinks are nice.  People should try at least once.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Anne T.', '5', "My co-worker took me here on my last day of work and I loved everything chicken! The dishes are so good and I LOVE chicken! I've been back a few times since then in a matter of 2 weeks. I can't get enough of their goi ga. My co-worker said their goi vit is really good, too! Their pho ga is delicious! We ordered the one with the tid bits. Don't forget to ask for a side of garlic ginger fish sauce to dip your chicken meat in! The rotisserie chicken rice plate (ga roti) is so yummy and a must order! I especially loved their red rice. There's also sticky and seasoned rice.  Don't forget to order their shrimp and taro eggrolls for appetizer. I liked wrapping the eggroll in lettuce and all the herbs that go along with it. Dip it in the fishsauce and put in yo mouth. Easy peasy. Ooo.. and their tea! They don't bring out a tea pot. Instead they give you a cup of hot water and fancy jasmine tea bags. I will have to keep the wrapper next time to track down where I can buy it! The waitress was quick on refilling hot water as needed.  Thanks for my co-worker, Nhu T., for introducing me to another delicious restaurant in San Jose! :)"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Diana N.', '2', 'This place was not as good as it used to be..I used to love going here nearly every single, if not twice a week just for the com ga or the roti! I think this place has changed ownership which makes the food here inconsistent. The roti is so dry and the fish sauce for the com ga tastes odd? I no longer go here due to the inconsistency of the food and would prefer going to Huong (located on White) for better com ga and roti.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Nhi P.', '4', 'Location: sucks, really sucks.  Everyone just squeezed their car to the spaces. The parking lots are so damn small.  Atmosphere/Decor:  always crowded, everything is just like a mess in there.  Nothing organized.  The menu/Food:  They gives you a lot of choices, varied menu.  Highly recommend for chicken.  The ingredient/the prices:  Depend on your dishes, it\'ll be different prices.  We ordered 2 portions of bun mang ga xe ( shredded chicken with noodles), 2 waters and a lot of lime.  The service/servers: We wrote down a name since many people were waiting for the table. And an owner asked us to seat at the small table that we all unsatisfied. And my boyfriend asked her that "If you give us 50% off, I will seat in there. There is no reason to pay full price but have to seat at the small table". And eventually, we seat at a big table. And only young dude in this restaurant noticed about us, everyone was just ignored since the foods already came out.  And not even once, many times.  So me and my boyfriend all decided to tips for the young dude only.  Every time we go to this place, we tip for him, and no tip for the restaurant.  Recommendation:  The foods were perfect, the broth hot all the way through, the chicken was really tender and flavourful, salads were fresh.  Highly recommend for chicken shredded noodles (bun mang ga xe).']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tina L.', '4', "I heard a lot about this restaurant and the food is just alright. Service was fast but workers are super friendly. It's a pretty small restaurant and can be really hectic"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Sylvain B.', '5', '4.5 stars. The best Pho ga I had in USA (for me. I am a  foreigner who has been living 1 year in usa and in San Jose only! but a decade in south Asia) The place is nicely decorated, spacious and very clean. Staff is friendly and efficient. Pho Ga: large portion. tasty broth, no MSG, large chunks of chicken (not really "shredded" but more like generous slices). Chicken is firm and perfectly cooked. Chicken onion salad: tasty, perfectly seasoned, extremely fresh. Now THE BEST: chicken feet herbal soup. very fine and delicate. not heavily perfumed like some herbal soups can be. The broth was so deliciously light and tasty. I got mouth watering just thinking of it!!! Their spicy sauces are delicate in taste. Everything was perfect. Highly recommended for Pho Ga lovers!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Angel P.', '5', "This is the third time i dine here this week. I don't know what they put in the Bun Mang Vit (Duck Bamboo shots noodles) but I am hook on it. Consistently every week I have to return for this dish. However, yesterday I returned and decided to get Mi Roti Ga (normally I would ordered Roti Ga w/ sticky rice or orange rice)....I was very impressed with presentation. Its a bit salty but overall still good. The fried hen is very tasty.  My friend had Bun Mang Vit but cant help to look over my dish. He said he will return for that dish...haha."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Rebecca T.', '4', 'Stopped by on Sunday morning for some pho ga. Around 10:45-11:00am. It was busy and packed inside but we were still able to get a table. The service here is friendly and fairly quick.  The pho ga here is really good but the broth could be a little hotter. The soup is flavorful and the noodles are a good consistency, not too soft and not too firm. Additionally, the house sauce that they serve for the chicken is really tasty as well and complements the chicken and the noodles.  They are in a small plaza but that plaza is super busy and parking is sparse. Not to mention the spots are a little tight. You may need to circle a few times or even park somewhere else.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Yvonne L.', '1', "Before this experience, I have only ordered food from this restaurant to go so I never have to deal with the waitresses.  But the one time I dined in, I had a rude experience with one of the waitresses.  The waitress came to serve us water and other small dishes and just put the trays on our table and asked my sister to take all the items off the tray and onto the table.  Even though this is the waitress's job to take the items off the tray, my sister was fine with doing it.  But while my sister was doing the waitress's job, the waitress said my sister was too slow at putting the things down.  This is no way to treat a customer and don't recommend coming here.  The food is mediocre as well."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Florence V.', '3', "Pretty nice place, wouldn't go here if I wasn't familiar with Vietnamese food. Other than that, the food is super tasty and extremely juicy. Place is clean, fast service."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Brenda L.', '4', "My parents have come here so often that the waiter there knows exactly what they want to order & how my grandma likes her chicken (no breast meat, extra skin, preferably the chicken butt area). This place gets very busy! My parents tried their pho ga but said it's good but it's not their favorite dish there. I tried some of my grandma's com ga that comes with a side of kim chi. I thought the kim chi was random but I didn't mind because I love kim chi. It was sweeter and less sour than the average kim chi. The rice was delicious (made with chicken stock and garlic). I tried the ga roti that came with yellow noodles & also the bun mang vit (noodles with bamboo and duck) that comes with a side of goi (salad). I thought it tasted great. The goi is my mom's favorite part of the dish and is very popular here. You are given a ginger fish sauce to dip the duck in and a separate fish sauce for the goi. They have a really extensive menu that includes other yummy dishes like congee (rice porddige). I tried their nuoc mia & thought it tasted fresh. I also tried the shrimp appetizer rolled in wonton wrapper & thought it was nice too (though I don't think it is something most Vietnamese people would order). If you order the fried sticky rice with chicken wings (26b), it'll take 15-20 minutes for your order. Instead, I ordered regular sticky rice and substituted the chicken wings with ga roti (roasted 1/2 chicken) 26a. I love that you can customize everything and specify with them what kind of chicken you want. The parking lot can be tight but isn't bad on weekdays."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Pete N.', '5', 'Best place for bun mam that include BBQ pork. The chicken dishes are also properly seasoned.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Truc H.', '5', "Great chicken pho! Their broth is good, not one-of-a-kind type of good but good. What stands out is their excellent quality of free range chicken Asian style (ga di bo). Plenty of meat (your choice of chicken thighs, breast, wings, and giblets or just chicken thighs), excellent quality and preparation. We also tried the rice dish with chicken and shikate mushroom. Excellent! Decor is nice and restaurant is clean. Restroom is clean as well which is a plus, you don't typically get that for a Vietnamese place.  When we went there, they were out of fresh banh pho (the fresh noodle) which was a bummer. But it just means we gotta go earlier next time perhaps."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Samantha L.', '5', "Really really good quality chicken! At first I was concerned because my spicy sauce selection was limited to just siracha, but the natural flavors were so good I didn't even need to drown it in spice! Love garlic but personally didn't like their house garlic sauce. But I'm just picky. Their pho was the best I've had yet in San Jose"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Elaine L.', '5', 'Bombass chicken pho, chicken porridge, chicken salad, chicken everything and anything! I can eat here for daysss everyday!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Peter N.', '4', "Mom took me to this place and I thought it would be like any other typical Vietnamese restaurant.  I love the porridge and chicken salad from this place.  It's super tasty especially when you're not feeling good.  Prices were ok, parking can be tough during peak dinner hours.  Overall a pretty decent experience.  -1 Star off because one of the waiter was lowkey rude to my mom when she was just inquiring about a dish."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Melissa S.', '5', "Chicken pho! My favorite! I ate here so many times and always get their #15. When in doubt, go with #15 and you won't regret. If you regret, you can down-vote my review lolol. Their pho is good too, you basically can't go wrong with anything at this place. Their #15 though...so good. The salad dressing too, so good. Also, there's never a long wait here and the place is super spacious."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Janet D.', '4', 'Super delish. The price is kinda expensive for what you get... like others have posted. BUT service was friendly (rare in most Vietnamese restaurants) and the food was very good. The pho ga dac biet, special chicken pho was super yummy. It came with lots of chicken and chicken liver and chicken heart. The liver was melt in your mouth delish... very hard to do but they did it. Most restaurants i have been to tend to overcook the liver and make it kinda chewy and dry. Not delish. The pho tai with filet was good. Joe seemed to like it a lot. It was very beef-y flavored broth. It was very good. The veggies that came with our pho were fresh and so clean... lol .... but really they were.... and the restaurant was very modern and upscale-esque. I would definitely be back when in the area and craving delish chicken pho. Give them a try. I liked it alot.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Shannon V.', '5', 'Great place. Love their sticky rice and the Pho is good. My daughter and I have come here a couple of times. Both times the service was great. They are very nice- especially the gentleman who sits close to the door and tells you where to sit.. they gave us wonderful service.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kathryn N.', '3', 'Ordered the 2 hainese chicken with rice - one with sticky rice and the other with regular white rice. If you order it with sticky rice, you get a sided is of kimchi. I got excited but when it came out, the "kimchi" was just badly spiced cabbage... didn\'t taste like kimchi at all, so I pretended that it\'s a whole new kimchi but that in itself didn\'t do justice, it was bitter and it was the core part of cabbage where it was hard to bite into. Chicken portion is lacking considering the higher end price, but I got filled up drinking lots of water and all the rice.  Now one thing that loses a star is THE GINGER SAUCE was wayyy too sweet. My dad said it tasted like che (Vietnamese dessert). We didn\'t ask for another one because we guessed they make a large batch and serve it for the whole day.  Another loss of star is that there was construction at the window. It was so loud the table next to us asked to move. I finished eating and turned around, they were taking GLASS pieces out of the window. When we moved out they put up cardboard so it wouldn\'t fall onto the next customers. They could have told us beforehand, it was really disruptive, dangerous, and loud. The other star are because I like the naturey forest feel, the chairs are comfortable and woven of bark, they use parchment paper as a table cover which was interesting, and the workers speak fluent English (I was surprised because I guessed it\'d be the very traditional Vit places I eat at with my parents) so I guess it\'d be a popular place for younger folks who don\'t know viet well but want to try something more less mainstream.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Sabrina B.', '4', "I love eat pho here . I always order walking chicken since the meat is lean and I don't get allergy with this type of chicken . I know walking chicken cost more when I go supermarket with my mom ."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Bobo D.', '1', 'I went to this restaurant for its 4 stars review. However, it was a bad experience. First of all, menu was quite different from other Vietnamese restaurant and I could not get what I expected to order. Then, the salad flavor was weird . We talked to the manager but she insisted it was the special dressing taste... Finally, I felt the service was in a rush even there were only less then 20 people in a maximum 85 persons place.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thành N.', '2', 'I came to this place twice. First time, half of the people in my party waited for 30 minutes for our dishes while the other eating theirs. Second time, they totally forgot about my order. Bad service.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jing X.', '1', "Had lunch there, but the chicken salad with cabbage taste and smell like bleach and dishwashing liquid. Waitress told me that they cleaned the plates and it's because I didn't use to the taste. I didn't argue but I know I can tell the difference between spices and dishwashing liquid. Won't go again because of food safety and attitude of the restaurant."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kimi P.', '1', "Is this the normal Bay Area price or just this place in particular? Last time, I had bun mam which was extremely salty and sweet. I ordered pho this time And paid 10 dollars for a bowl of pho with 5 small pieces of chicken breast. I thought they gave me the wrong order. I was even more shocked when they brought out water with unknown black objects floating inside. I'll stick with pho in Sacramento from now on. Thank you."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Truc T.', '2', 'Portions are pretty small for the price you pay.  We had.. Xoi Ga -chicken breast with sticky rice $11.50 Pho Dui Ga -chicken leg pho $10.50 (meh..mediocre) The boiled chicken was tender and the sticky rice was nicely cooked, not too mushy, with fried shallots and scallion oil on top. The ginger fish sauce was good too...but I just couldn\'t get pass the fact that the portion seemed so small. Here\'s my problem-  On the menu it says that you have an option of seasoned rice or sticky rice with your choice of chicken pieces, which COMES WITH KIMCHI. Literally #10-13 says "Chicken....& Kim Chi." So when my plate came out, without the kimchi, we waited a little thinking that it\'ll come out a little bit later. Nope! We waved our waiter down and asked about it and he said, "oh, the sticky rice doesn\'t come with kimchi..you have to order it." I didn\'t have the menu right in front of me, and I figured that I misread the menu, so we just ordered it. He brought out a good amount of kimchi, wayy more than I needed for my small portion of chicken and rice, and it came out to be $2.95! Why would your menu say "Chicken....& Kim Chi" if it doesn\'t even come with it?! Plus where does it even say that if you order sticky rice, there\'s no kimchi? Other places actually have it with the same dish, with no extra charge.  We just felt deceived and that left a negative impression for us, even if the dish wasn\'t bad. We\'re not going back to a place that misleads their customers just to make a few extra bucks.  Oh, it\'s a $15 minimum for card purchases and $.50 charge for getting togo too.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kiet H.', '3', 'Not really happy because the hot water cup us dirty. I hope they are more careful to clean glasswares.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'M. N.', '3', "First time here and hubby wanted to try the fermented vermicelli, Bun Mam (I warned him not to). The presentation was awesome but the broth was as sweet as candy and that's an absolute NO NO.  TERRIBLE,  HORRIFIC!!! Please, don't waste your money and terrify your taste buds.  I tried their Pho Ga (chicken noodles) and it was great. Better than most Pho joints I've been to. Will definitely come back to try their other chicken dishes. I do like chickens, though. And this place serves mainly chickens.  3 stars for my Pho Ga. The service wasn't all that, the gayish guy seems rushed."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Sandy D.', '3', 'First time here!  The food was good. Better than another place, but we were shock when we pay. The food was overwhelming. The prices on the menu is totally wrong! Please fix the prices on your menu please !!!!!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Erin S.', '5', "this place is sooooo good. the onion, herb, and chicken salad is what dreams are made of. I wish I wasn't watching my carbs, I would eat this constantly. Can't wait to try more dishes :)"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Crystal L.', '3', "I came here during mid-afternoon and it wasn't too packed- so that was pretty good for me.  Had the Shredded Chicken Pho (8.50 for small) and it wasn't too bad. There was a bit too much fat in the soup and the soup wasn't rich and full. I'd rather go back to Pho Ga An Nam, but for a place to grab a quick eat that's decent quality- this is the place.  As for customer service, it's not bad. Polite and swift service."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'John C.', '4', "San Jose, CA (East / Story Rd.) Combination Chicken Pho: Cuts: Gizzard, heart, liver, white meat, wing and other cuts with skin. I had to pass on the heart and liver.  There was nothing to prove... Broth:  Really good. Greens:  As expected. I added some black pepper (cause everyone else was doing it) Service is a little different - they give you time to review the menu, take time before getting your order and food does not come out in a flash like most pho spots. Tip:  Ginger and chili sauce served in side dish.  You're supposed to dip the chicken meat into this sauce then eat.  Very good. Tip:  Sign in sheet upon entry. Tip:  Lot is smaller, businesses can get busy so depending on time of day parking can be rough. Note:  The past 16 years I've eaten beef based pho.  This was legitimately my first bowl of chicken pho. Really can't go with the A OK approach.  This is the Spot for chicken pho and the bowl did not disappoint. Vietnamese iced coffee was really good. If I was a Chicken Pho fan this would be my go to!!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'maria h.', '3', "Dipping sauces were great. The pho broth was clear but the broth lacked depth and flavor. All the portions are very generous!!  Everything can be shared. The fried chicken dishes are just that... fried. It isn't seasoned so unless you dip the chicken, there is no flavor.  They have the marinated fried chicken which is pretty tasty on its own but overall the chicken could habe been kept in the fryer a little longer as it wasn't as crispy as it looked."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Fong L.', '5', "One of the strongest cafe sua da around, enough to grow hairs on your chest!  Yum!!! The place is popping, great staff.  We ordered #1 & #6 which turned out to be the same because we wanted chicken neck and giblets.  Excellent portion.  I opted for egg noodles for a change, still delicious.  The #24 had great sticky rice but didn't eat the fried chicken, not much pizzazz.  Parking can be insane when it's busy, we got lucky.   The place is very clean and has cool French inspired decor (street lamps) but the music is too loud and not the kind that non-Viets would prefer.  Still who cares when the food is A+!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Danette S.', '5', 'Amazing broth rich in flavor and succulent. Steamed basil, sprouts are lovely. Egg rolls crispy and full of flavor.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kris T.', '4', "I've been here at least once a week bcz it's next to my house. The food was really good compare to the other restaurant in san jose. The only complaint is they made me wrong order sometimes when I requested it, other than that, i would love this place."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Pa H.', '5', 'This is a nice place with many kinds of Vietnamese foods that you can choose. Employees are friendly. the dishes are great. strongly recommend.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Stephy W.', '5', 'Love their roti chicken rice!! The perfection of the marinated chicken is soo good. I also like their taro-shrimp egg roll and their sugar cane (soooo sweet!!!) the device was alright. The place was crowded when we went there on a weekday. Highly recommend to try it out!!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kristine L.', '2', "Everything I have tried here is bland and the quality is just ok. I have tried everything from the rice plates to the pho and to the other noodle dishes. They are known for their chicken and for the pho but their chicken is always tasteless and nothing special to be honest. Its....just chicken...like just there. I have to add a ton of Sriracha sauce to give my plates any flavor. My parents really like this place so but they like food that has very little flavor/seasoning so if that's your thing, then this is the place for you."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ruby C.', '3', "If your looking to eat chicken and you love having options, you're in luck since most everything on the menu is a chicken dish.  The pho section itself has 7 choices of chicken parts: chicken leg, shredded chicken, chicken breast, chicken wing, chicken neck, and chicken tail. Want to make more choices? There are 4 choices of noodles (rice noodle, egg noodle, clear noodle, udon) and 5 for rice (tomato rice, seasoned rice, sticky rice, steamed rice.. and let's not forget porridge!).  I was overwhelmed with all the choices and went straight to browsing pictures uploaded on yelp. The crispy chicken wings and rotisserie chicken both looked great. At the end, the rotisserie chicken picture won me over mostly because of the sunny side egg :) As for the dish itself, the rotisserie chicken was very bony and I wasn't too fond of the sweet taste. I had a chance to try the crispy chicken wing which was good but a bit dry. Good service, just not too fond of the chicken dishes."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lin Y.', '4', "Their roti chicken with rice is highly unique as I have yet to find a similar dish anywhere. In short, the flavor is mouthwatering and I'm always aching to get more. The place is clean and usually gets crowded, especially weekends when a line forms out the door. Parking can be tough to find as well. Service could use some improvement but aside from that, this place is definitely worth returning to!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Abby Q.', '5', 'This place is awesome! My mother and aunt recommendated this new restaurant quite a few times before they were able to convince me to go. I had such a hard time getting there in the first place because i didnt think it would have been any special, and simply didnt feel the urge to try it.  Boy, was i glad they were persistent!  First time, i ordered the com ga roti. The chicken was absolutely amazing! The skin was light and crispy, flavoring on point.  The fried egg that came on top of the rice was a bonus. .. I was not used to eating a rice plate with that type of chicken and egg.  It sure did add to the deliciousness immensely.  The second time, i ordered their bun mam.  i was a tad skeptical, since it seemed like their specialty was only dishes with chicken. I was sort of scared their bun mam would be a total miss since its very hard to get right, and most restaurants dont make the broth heavy and salty enough to cater to the strong "mam" taste that bun mam should have. Boy. .. Was i wrong again!  This restaurant definitely blew me away. According to my mom, the regular com ga with broiled chicken o be dipped in ginger fish sauce is just as terrific. I will return to try very soon. never have i been so pleasantly surprised!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kind N.', '5', 'This restaurant have lot of variety food i like ,fresh chicken ! I always order com ga Hai Nam my favorate dish. They also have pho i never try yet! But my friend ate there said better than pho 90 degree !! Some day i will try.! Price here is very reasonable and look clean  Highly recommend this place!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Shirley V.', '4', "Chiggity check it, more chicken. New Vietnamese restaurants are popping up along Story Road all the time like spring chickens!  Let's break it down. Goi ga xe phay (#20): shredded chicken (white and dark meat with skin) salad with cabbage, Vietnamese coriander, topped with fried shallots. The vegetables are clean and crisply tossed with a vinegar base dressing and piled high. The dish is generously adorned with fresh and juicy chicken that has skin, but is not at all fatty. There is a sweet and spicy chili fish sauce great for dipping the chicken. Complementing the salad are a good amount of fragrant herbs, including Vietnamese coriander.  Mi vit tiem (duck with herb broth and egg noodle): The broth has sweet herbal notes to it, which to me is not too overpowering, but if you do not like herbs or Chinese medicine, I would not recommend you order it. The duck comes separate on a plate, and was plentiful and moist. I believe it is slow cooked/roasted, then fried. This bowl is definitely for the more adventurous.  Bun mang vit (duck with bamboo and vermicelli noodle soup): Dad's pick; I did not get to try it. From what I saw, the meat came on a separate plate like the mi vit tiem, and dad gave it a thumbs up.  Com goi ga xe phay (smaller portion of salad mentioned above, plus seasoned rice). This is a good option if you're feening for some carbs, as the rice is cooked in broth and mixed with fried shallots so it is brown and very fragrant and delicious.  I can only describe the interior as zealously eclectic, with rock formations, bamboo, snowflake lights, tropical waters/fish wall decorations, what have you. The restaurant is relatively new, so all of the decorations and tables and chairs are new. The soup spoons, however, are not the cleanest, but hey, at a Vietnamese joint I kind of expect it.  This place gets my vote over Pho Ga An Nam down the street. I will likely return to get the chicken salad or try their pho ga."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Sandy Q.', '5', "I came here with my family for brunch this past Friday.  We ordered chicken pho, rotisserie chicken with seasoned rice and Hainan chicken with seasoned rice.  Both rice dishes came with a bowl of soup.  We started off by eating the rice dishes because I had to feed my kids and they both wanted rice.  Both chicken were very flavorful and my son who's a picky eater, wanted more after he was done with his portion.  The chicken noodle soup was good but not great.  It lacked flavor but a little bit of sriracha and hoisin sauce made it so much better.  Unlike traditional pho places, the decor was really modern and clean.  Parking may be difficult to find at certain times but still doable.  If I ever come back to this area, I will definitely come back here."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kelly L.', '5', "Pho Ga Nha! What don't I like about this place?! Nothing. I usually like to come here if I ever want pho. Besides pho they have really pod Goi Ga too. I haven't really expanded my food choices here much because I only come for the pho but I'm sure they have other great dishes here as well.  I like that you don't have to wait in long lines when you get here even if you come on a weekend. It's not because they don't get busy but because they have so many seats you never have to worry about sittings.  Oh one thing I don't like about this place is their parking. They have terrible parking. Sometime we have to drive around for at least 20 minutes just to find parking. They have very limited parking spaces here so you have to be very patience if you want to eat here. Parking spaces are also very compact so try not to take big cars here.  Anyhow, if you like Pho, I recommend to come here and  give this place a try. They won't disappoint."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lindsay C.', '4', "I came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  I was lucky with parking but the lot isn't very large -- good luck if you come during peak hours!  We didn't have to wait too long for a table for 2.  After being seated we had to flag someone down to take our orders, so service could've been better but this is fairly standard at Asian restaurants so I wasn't terribly bothered.     I ordered the small Pho Ga Xe (shredded chicken) and a Thai Tea (ran a little bit sweet, but I love it that way).  I really liked the dish of ginger and fish sauce the food came with - it had the perfect balance of sweet, sour, and spicy for me to dip my chicken in.  The broth was hot and flavorful while the noodles had the perfect consistency and were neither too soft nor too hard."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thuy N.', '3', 'Simple bun mang vit. The broth was lacking flavor and there was barely any bamboo shoots. The duck had a lot of meat and it was tender. It tasted great with the ginger fish sauce.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Amelia H.', '4', "I was craving porridge so I came here for their Chao Vit (duck porridge). It's my second time coming here and I'm pleased with my meal. Their  portions are just enough to keep you full and the salad on the side could be used in your porridge or mixed with their sauce. I do wish the duck could be heated a little before it was served because it was cold."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer T.', '3', "Alright I went here with my parents one night when I wasn't really feeling what the menu was offering but ordered something anyway (I had no expectations coming in) and was surprised and pleased of the turnout. I got #15 which was rotisserie chicken, pickled vegetables, rice, and a fried egg to top it off.  To start off, I thought my egg was cooked spot on b/c the whites were completely cooked (like they should be) but the yolk was mostly cooked - there was still enough runny yolk to make me happy though. The lettuce and vegetables weren't pickled properly so you could taste the vinegar ... I've had better pickled vegetables at Pho Tau Bay on Hostetter.  Additionally, the chicken skin wasn't super crispy but wasn't bad enough to harness a complaint from me. I will say that the meat was incredibly soft/juicy and was really well seasoned.  Lastly, I have to say the complementary soup came with glass noodles which was a nice little surprise for me b/c there aren't usually glass noodles in them! Just plain old soup. Anyway the soup was really nice and made for a perfectly balanced meal because the whole dish was kind of on the sweet side with the seasoning (if you're here with someone and they get a different dish, ask to taste the broth or something - you'll see what I mean).  I see no reason why I wouldn't go here again, other than it being out of my typical hangout spots!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jessica T.', '4', "When my mom told me they have bun mang vit, I wanted to try it since the place we used to eat at in Oakland closed down. It's located in a plaza across from Grand Century. The parking lot is extremely full but we got lucky and found a parking spot right away. Once we entered, it took about 5 minutes for them to seat us (which I love). I guess it was quick because they sat us in the way back by the bathroom where the waiters barely come by. We ordered a couple of dishes since I came with my family. We got.... Sticky rice with fried chicken wings: the chicken was delicious! The sticky rice was good too. They ask if you want the sticky rice fried. I suggest you do it. It came with sweet and sour sauce but the sauce tasted like it just came out of the bottle.  Noodle soup with duck: the broth was good but I didn't try the rest.  Dry noodle with half a fried chicken: the chicken tasted just like the fried chicken that came with the fried sticky rice. Noodle soup with bamboo and duck: it was extremely good. I loved the bamboo that came with it. The duck was good too! It comes with a ginger and lime fish sauce which I thought tasted great and is perfect with the duck. Normally I would order the cabbage salad to go with it but my mom said it's not good there so I opted for the dish without it. Overall, the food was fantastic. I didn't like how they don't leave any sauces or hot sauces on the table. It's hard to call the waiters over so getting hot sauce or extra utensils were difficult."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'C V.', '3', "I've been here before and from what I remembered it was good.  Coming back this time not sure how chicken Pho can be soooo greasy?!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lelan Q.', '4', 'This restaurant is just like its name, and serves mostly chicken. Their menu is mostly chicken and they also have a small limited choice of beef pho.  Once in a while, when I crave for their delicious ginger sauce, I would come to this place.  Their sauce goes well with the bland chicken.  Not only a cash only place and they accept both visa/master card.  I would come back to this place again.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Manda Bear B.', '3', "********************* 1289 **********************    I came here a few times now, and have tried quite a few dishes. I usually do this before I write a fair review on Yelp. Pho Ga Nha is a beautiful Vietnamese restaurant which took over the former New Tung Kee Noodle House in the ghetto plaza of East San Jose. It is absolutely the worst location to find a parking spot if you come here for lunch or on the weekend.  Because 100,000 other Vietnamese will fighting over the parking spot with you. OK, OK, so I'm exaggerating the parking situation, but you try it for yourself.     The Chicken Pho was 3/5 for the broth, taste and the chicken wasn't all that moist. I love the generous Ginger Mixed Fish Sauce they serve.     And what's up with no Sriracha and Hoisin sauce on the table? Isn't it a PHO place after all?     The Chicken Rice dish was dried, mom didn't like it both time. She enjoyed the kimchi though, but this isn't a Korean joint. The Shredded Chicken Salad was good and generous.     Onion and shredded chicken salad, small size $9, that's a bit pricey!     The BUN MAM, bravo for generous portion of fresh herbs and vegetables, which I love dear when I eat this noodle soup. However, MAM means fermented fish, 3 times I ordered this noodle soup, 3 times it was super sweet with sugar. This was supposed to be a savory and on the salty side of it. Topping with eggplant, shrimp, squid, roasted pork, silky, thinly sliced fish, chive and more, beautiful bowl, execution FAIL.     My favorite dish was the Chicken Feet Herbal Soup, only $3, make it HOLA for sure, tasty broth, clear, and aromatic, I can come back just for this soup anytime of the day!     Each bowl of PHO or across the menu for a small size is about $10, consider a pricier for this ghetto part of town for a bowl of CHICKEN PHO.     There's a few guys that work here always dress so fancy in designer clothes, and always greeted us nicely, interesting choice of clothes to work in a PHO joint.     Service has always been really good when I came here. I love their veggies plate for BUN MAM, until the fix that sugar sweet broth, I will not return!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Guess W.', '4', 'Hands down the best place to get chicken pho in San Jose. Always go with the fresh noodles. The broth is clean tasty and hearty. I typically go with the dark meat but you cant go wrong with the dac biet if you like all the innards. The rotisserie chicken dish is also bomb! That rotisserie sauce is legit. I always go with the chicken rice instead of the red rice cuz the red rice here is awful. The hai nan chicken is also very tasty. The chicken is cleaned well. You can totally tell if the chicken is not cleaned well when you eat hai nan chicken so this is super important! Only gripe here is their prices are prety high compared to other places. I think each dish puts you back $13-14. A lil over priced IMO.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'P S.', '1', 'A friend dragged me back here again and I thought I would give it a try. Still the same thing they serve. This time was my fault. As we say: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ninja A.', '4', "This is probably my 4th or 5th time here.  Great pho ga.  This morning I ordered a #4 chicken breast with no skin.  When I got skin and told the server, he didn't speak with words but motioned for me to pull the skin off myself and stop being a bitch.  OK.  Still good.  I'm relaxed."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Mrs. N.', '4', "I used to frequent pho ga an nam, but after eating here this may be my new goto spot. I had mi ga chien kho - crispy chicken on top of egg noodles with broth on the side. It was pretty good. It took everything in me not to order another dish, but I kept telling myself I'd be back. Lots of room and cleaner than most Vietnamese restaurants."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thao N.', '1', "This place is the worst. The food is not good and the service also sucks. It takes half an hr to have food brought up and  I only ordered a salad and congee (chap). THEY also got my order wrong then later jacked up the price. I don't write reviews for good food and service but when I do it's all bad food and service and this place got an A+ for not only the worst food but also the bad service. STAY AWAY AT ALL CAUSE. OVERPRICED FOR THE QUALITY OF FOOD AND THE SERVICE. SAVE YOUR MONEY"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Amy H.', '4', 'I must say, they have the best pho ga in the Bay Area :) $10.50 for a bowl of pho ga with all the unhealthy chicken organs. It was pretty satisfying :) The owners of Pho Ga Nha are the original owners of Pho Ga An Nam.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ricky J.', '5', "This place is very nice and clean compare to any other Pho/ Vietnamese restaurant that I've been. Friendly service, delicious food. HIGHLY Recommend!!!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Anni N.', '2', "We stopped by here for the 1st time after our drive back from SoCal yesterday evening.  I had high hope for this place since I heard the owner was the same as that of BBH An Nam.  We all were very disappointed with the quality of the food, even my friend's 12 years old daughter.  I had the Min Gà w/ Đùi Gà Xé, my Friend had Ph Gà Đc Bit and her daughter had the Cm Gà Rôti.  The chicken was actually good, but the broth didn't have the savory chicken broth flavors nor was it very flavorful even after I added in some Ginger Fish Sauce and Sriracha to it.  The Bean Thread had a funky smell.  My friend said the same thing about her broth and that her noodle was overcooked.  I tried one of her daughter's chicken piece and thought it wasn't bad except that it was kind of on the sweet side, like the ginger fish sauce too.  The service was good."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Pam L.', '5', "This is the spot for Vietnamese chicken dishes. The poached chicken herb and onion salad is super tasty. The onion flavor is not strong at all and there's a light citrus dressing. The pho (which does come in beef offerings) is also pretty good. I love the lemonade soda too!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Dennis O.', '1', "They don't keep track of reservations...  Best leave your name to make sure. How the hell do you lose a table for 14 by giving it to anyone? 45 mins still waiting for the orders. The people who came after us ate their meal, paid and left the restaurant and we still haven't gotten our food.  After the food came, have to say its overrated."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Steven L.', '3', "I have been here in the past and this visit was not quite as memorable as the previous times I have eaten here. The com ga roti was not as crispy as the last few times I was here. And the house special chicken pho was not as rich and flavorful as it was in the past. I'm not sure if the chef was off or if there are new owners, something changed about this place."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kaylee L.', '5', "I have been coming here a lot more often, and I have tried some other dishes that I haven't before.  - Com Ga Ro Ti was flavorful. I like how the chicken isn't dry like most places. The rice is good too. - Deep fried chicken wings were crunchy and fun to eat. Good to have as a starter.  - Bun Mang Vit - Duck Vermicelli Soup with Bamboo Shoots. I like this one a lot. The soup is light yet flavorful, and the duck isn't fatty at all.  Service is quick most of the time. Foods are consistent and delicious. Thumb up!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Cynthia W.', '5', "They offer a great bowl of noodle soup! You can ask for your favorite cuts like dark or white, skin or no skin AND your favorite noodles, what more can you ask for? The broth is deliciously light and perfectly balanced, you won't go wrong. Best Pho Ga I've had."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Amy L.', '2', "The service was terrible! I waited 45+ minutes for Ga Roti.  They completed forgot my drink order and my to-go box. I understand that ga roti might take a while to make, but making drinks and bringing out a to-go box shouldn't be forgotten! The ga roti was decent.  It's not crispy like other places that I've tried, but the flavor is really good.  Better luck next time, but I don't think I'm coming back due to the poor service."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Christina T.', '3', 'The chicken pho is actually tasty! Perfect for my cold!  Ordered #4 chicken breast pho - chicken is lean, broth is flavorful!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Phillip R.', '3', "Someone was feelin a bit under the weather. What better to soothe that than some pho. it's more than just a hangover cure. order --- pho dac biet -typical house pho. proportion was normal. no complaints, no problem.  bun mang goi vit -felt like practicing my tongue so, i just tried to pronounce something random. out of my mouth came this piece of goodness. it was good but, i think i was happier with their praise of my pronunciation."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Linda N.', '1', "this is a restaurant that does not know how to treat their customers !!!  they were very busy today 12/26/16...at 1:34 pm ---- my friend and i were on their waiting list -  yet when it's our turn ---they took someone they knew and got them the table ahead of me !!!    that is extremely unprofessional and very bad business !!!  i would have walked out ---but was not about to give in to such poorly run business!    even though you are busy it doesn't give you the right to mess with people like that !!!   just a few notes to the owners and or managers to better train your people ....and to value your customers both strangers and not just your friends !!!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ka C.', '3', 'I came here for lunch with my wife. We were seated in a separate section near the restroom. No one came to us until I asked for the menu. I told my wife that it was a bad sign for service. When waiter gave me the menu, he pretty much expected us to order. Luckily, (thanks to other yelpers) we pretty much know what we wanted. The waiter did the same thing to the table behind us. Unfortunately, the couple behind us were not ready. So he just stood behind that couple waiting for them to order. So the service is definitely 2 to 3 stars. In terms of food, we ordered pho ga and com ga roti. Com ga roti was good. However, the food is definitely on the pricey side. In any case, I would rate the food to 4 stars.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'anyone n.', '2', "I can't complain that the dishes here are good and I've been coming back for that many times. However last time I notice there's kid pho on the menu for $3.95 with meat. Just the right size for kids since they don't eat much. I try to order the same kids pho last night and the man who took my order asked how old is your kid. Apparently my kid is older than 5 yrs old so he said it's only for under 5 yrs old and I can't order that.  What bs. I asked why and he said it's just the owner's rule. He look like he was the owner since he's not wearing uniform as others are. I can tell why he made me order a bigger portion or a different item now. It's because they just want to make more money. Making me order more than what my kid can finish. If you don't let customers order an item Then don't put it on the menu!! Bad business ethnics."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Randy F.', '4', "**Pho Quest Stop #53** Pho Ga Nha is the latest restaurant specializing in Vietnamese noodle soups and rice plates featuring free range chicken.  Pho Ga Nha is the second outpost of the family that originally owned Pho Ga An Nam (also on Story Road) which they sold, but they're now back with this location and back to their family specialty.  The Story Road location is opposite nearby Grand Century mall and is also in a strip mall. It's a spacious restaurant (looks like they merged two units) and very clean with an interesting bamboo, water fall and sea mural decor.   Several plasma TVs and Vietnamese music videos play in the background.  Service is quick and prompt.  My order: Pho Ga Dac Biet - Large only.  $10.55.  A touch pricey, but free range chicken tends to be more expensive than beef pho.  Plus it's a generous sized bowl that came quickly with super piping hot broth (I'm a fan of hot broth) and plentiful chicken wing, thigh, and cuts of breast meat with chicken gizzard and liver.  Unlike Pho Kim Long, there isn't any hen egg or choice of white or dark meat noted.  The broth was excellent.  Lots of coarsely cut onions and scallions.  Very similar to Com Ga Nam An and super clean and oil-free.  The free range chicken is also very lean and tasty. Overall, it was a great bowl of pho ga and satisfying.  I'd still give the nod to my favorite Pho Kim Long and Hai Nam (for their flavorful broth and interesting varied cuts of free range chicken) but Pho Ga Nha easily competes with Com Ga Nam An and beats their nearby prior location Pho Ga An Nam. Pho Ga Nha is currently cash only but I saw the owner working on a credit card machine and they had a sign saying they'll accept Visa and MasterCard. My Pho Quest Rankings: [San Jose, unless otherwise listed) ================== Hall of Fame:Pho Ha Noi (CLOSED) - Winner:Best Pho (Overall and Northern Style) 2) Pho Cong Ly - Winner: Best Pho (Current Overall and Oxtail)  3) Pho Y 1 - Winner: Best Beef Pho (Southern Style) 4) Pho Kim Long - Winner: Best Chicken Pho 5) Turtle Tower (SF) - Northern Style 6) Pho Ga Hung - Winner: Best Cau Bun Rau Muong 7) Pho Nguyen (Milpitas) - Pho Nguyen Dac Biet with fresh wide noodles 8) Nha Hang Saigon Seafood - Winner: Best Hu Tieu 9) Hai Nam - Pho Ga/Com Ga 10) Pho 54 - Pho Dac Biet #1 11) Phuong Thao (Sunnyvale) - Combo Pho #12 12) Pho Wagon - Pho Dac Biet 13) Com Ga Nam An - Pho Ga 14) Pho Ga Nha - Pho Ga Dac Biet 15) Quan Ngon - King Oxtail Pho #6 16) Pho 90 Degree - Pho Dac Biet with Oxtail 17) Pho Vy - Egg Noodles with Pork, Chicken, Beef  18) Pho Wagon (Sunnyvale) - Pho Dac Biet 19) The Sandwich Maker (Los Gatos) - Beef Pho 20) Pho Vi Hoa (Los Altos) - Pho P12 21) Pho Ga An Nam - Pho Ga 22) House of Pho - Pho Dac Biet and Bo Vien 23) Rengstorff Pho (Mountain View) - Special Satay 24) Saigon Vietnamese Restaurant (Santa Barbara) - Beef Pho 25) Pho Little Saigon (San Mateo) - Beef Pho 26) Pho Pasteur - Pho Ox Tail  27) Pho Ga Ho Han Kiem - Pho Ga Dac Biet 28) Pho 24 - House Special Pho 29) Pho Minh (Cupertino) - Pho Dac Biet 30) Beef Noodle No 1 - Pho #1 31) Pho Nam (Sunnyvale) - Pho #1 32) Dalat Restaurant - Hu Tieu Dac Biet 33) Pho Little Saigon (Sunnyvale) - Pho #1 34) Pho Nam (Sunnyvale) - Pho #1 35) Pho To Chau - (Mountain View) - Pho 36) Pho Garden - (Mountain View, CLOSED) - Pho Garden 37) Pho-licious (Cupertino) - Filet Mignon Beef Pho 38) Yummee Sandwiches (Campbell) - Beef Pho 39) LeQuy (Campbell) - Hu Tieu 40) Com Tam Nhu Y Restaurant - Pho #29 41) Pho Blossom (Sunnyvale, CLOSED) - Beef Pho 42) Noodle Bar (Seaside) - Rare beef and meatball Pho 43) Hometown Noodle (Redwood City) - Combination Pho 44) Big Bites (Mountain View) - Pho 45) Pho Hoa (Cupertino) - Pho 46) Pho Ngon (Mountain View, CLOSED) - Pho P1 47) Pho Binh Beef Noodle (Sunnyvale, CLOSED) - Beef Pho 48) Pho Hoa (Mountain View) - Pho  49) Pho Ba Dau - Pho #1 with Oxtail 50) Four Seasons Pho - Pho Dac Biet 51) Pho Lynn - Pho #1 52) Fast Wok (CLOSED) - Pho Tai 53) Nam Tien - Oxtail Pho"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tabatha J.', '4', 'Food tasted authentic (having visited Hanoi early this year). Friendly service. Nothing bad to say about this place.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jennie D.', '1', 'I ordered their bamboo duck noodle soup (bun mang vit), and I\'m totally confused on what the rave reviews were about, it was totally lacking. Not only was it oily but there was about only 4 slivered pieces of bamboo in it, WTF... Overall, it tasted OK. But not what I expected from the yelp reviews.  We had the chicken special soup with udon noodles too, the chicken was ridiculously chewy. Not good. We also ordered the fried chicken wings, OMG, what were they thinking?! They were so salty!! And hard as a rock!! Yuck! Not even edible. :( We spent $40+ on this to-go order, so it wasn\'t cheap.  WTF. I\'m not sure if it was an "off" night for them, or we should not order to-go?? But I don\'t know if I will ever come back.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tania M.', '5', "Came here two nights ago after it had been raining all day. The pho is amazing here!! I also love that the restaurant is clean and the staff is always friendly. It's worth the drive on a rainy day."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Brandon D.', '3', 'Come here after my hockey at Sharks Ice frequently, and I would say that this place knows how to make their chicken dishes! The chicken pho is always made with the dark meat so the meat is a lot softer than most other places. The Thai Iced Tea is also the best that I have had in the Little Saigon area. Service depends on what waiter is serving us. Some waiters know at least half of their english, but the others, their english is even worse! For lunch, I usually get the seasoned rice w chicken. The rice tastes really good, but I must say the chicken that they use is scrawny! Even though the chicken is scrawny, the chicken still tastes good.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Michelle N.', '4', 'Pretty good food! Came here with my family for lunch, and it was super packed and crowded.  I ordered the crispy rice and fried chicken wings - highly recommended. It comes with 5 full wings though, so if you have a small appetite, split this with someone. My parents also had good things to say about their pho ga.  I want to come back to try their com ga roti, which comes with a fried egg on top of the rice! Yum!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Meng F.', '5', 'chicken noodle soup with salad is delicious. best place in south bay for pho ga. they used to have chicken feet stew which i loved but they no.longer have it.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer T.', '5', "Love this place. I've been going as a kid and the portion size and food quality has not changed. I've had both the pho and egg noodle bowls and the broth for both is amazing. Lots of noodles and meat so you get your money's worth at $8.95/bowl. Service is very fast and friendly regardless if you speak Vietnamese or not. Today I had mi with chicken wings and it was prefect. Soup was very sweet and flavorful, you can taste the souls of 100 or however many chickens are cooked at the restaurant every day. My husband was very happy with his pho even though he doesn't normally like hot soup. This placed is perfect for a cold day or whenever you're craving authentic Vietnamese food. Oh yeah Vietnamese coffee was also ordered- get light or no ice because they'll give you a half cup of ice."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Huy D.', '4', 'Had pho ga here. We ordered the large special bowl which was expensive at 10 bux a bowl. Yikes. The bowl is huge indeed but not worth 10 bux in my opinion. Pho is good but the broth is on the fatty side. The restaurant is decorated well and looks clean. Most likely i wont be back at their prices.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Louie G.', '5', 'I love this place! Wonderful service, extremely clean and great food! Love the beef pho with filet mignon.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Phat L.', '2', "I'm worrying this review from inside the restaurant. I normally only rate on how the food is, but in this case, I'm so pissed with the service that it's taken them down from what would have been a 4 star review. Food is good and fresh -not her best I've never had, but you'd be satisfied.  Here's where the 2 stars come in: first off, I wanted to order the chicken salad(#17) with a side of white rice, the waiter kept telling me to order #14 since its the same. Well, no its not! He kept insisting #14 so to shut him up, I got #14. Now I'm still hungry.  My sister and I are fine eating and still waiting on our drinks, which we reminded them 5 times about. My cousin is still waiting for his side of rice that we asked 5 more times for. The restaurant only 90% full and no one's waiting so they can't be that busy. Definitely won't be back. The food quality to service ratio is not worth it for me especially since there's so many restaurants in the area, but maybe you'll get better service on a slow day."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Ja L.', '5', 'Very good food. Pho ga came out hot and taste. Got the shredded chicken and the special.  Large bowl came with a big bowl and a small was a good Amt also. Will come agai. And eat.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'BX P.', '3', 'Overall, the food was good.  However, when we ordered the whole steamed chicken, it came out missing the thighs and half of the breast.  They should label their chicken dish as 1 plate rather than 1 whole chicken.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Tiffany D.', '5', 'Omg, their com ga Sui Sui is amazing! Highly recommended! Only thing is, need more chicken!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'K V.', '5', "Of the many many pho restaurants in San Jose, Pho Ga Nha is by far the best! The broth tastes clean yet flavorful. The chicken is super tender and moist. I love to order an extra side of liver. Delicious!  Another plus is the cleanliness of the joint. You can't expect much when eating at a pho restaurant, but Pho Ga Nha is different.  The decor is nicer than usual as well.  Service was good. Nothing special but at least they aren't rude and don't ignore you.  I can't wait to eat here again and again!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'T. T.', '3', "Great chicken salad and pass-able chicken porridge.  What makes this place NOT-OKAY was the lack of attention to details.  I came here several times and have stated on NUMEROUS occasions that I do not want ANY TYPES of onions on my orders. Guess what happened?  There were green, white AND/OR roasted onions on all my orders.  I asked that they don't put ginger in my toddler's porridge...well, it came with plenty of ginger! In other words, don't bother making small requests because it doesn't mean anything."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Linh T.', '1', 'Pho was ok nothing special but service was just terrible. How do you forget my coconut juice 4 times?! It was dead in there. The fried chicken over burnt rice was just dry. Great concept but missed the edible parts. Luckily they also forgot my to go order also. Never again. Go to pho an lac! Much better service and fast']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Truc P.', '4', 'Very very delicious food here, i tried their Pho ga, Mien ga, Com ga and Xoi ga . Every things were tasty and great like i ate in vietnam. The price is a bit higher than other viet restaurant but the portion is huge. Its good to order 2 dishes for 3 persons to share . They open until 12am so its even better for whoever work late or go after party']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Teena N.', '4', 'I think the Bun Mam here is the best which is funny because this place is not even specialized in Bun Mam but its always a special on their menu. Its the best  bun mam I have had in San Jose. I feel like the other places that specializes in it is good but still not as good as here. Every time I went here the service has been great which is rare with Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose... real talk here. I love how the chopsticks are individually wrapped and everything is super clean, also I have never had to wait for a table! Great location for some good all around Vietnamese food. I also tried the Pho Ga Dac Biet (Special) with the chicken giblets & chopped drumstick & that was bomb too! I greatly recommend.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Vin E.', '5', 'The pho ga broth here is outstanding! Me & my girlfriend recently went here craving pho ga. We did a local search & found this place. Finding a place to park on a sunday was hectic, but well worth driving in circles. My girl ordered the dac biet which was my plan too, but i saw something I\'ve never had before & I ordered phao cau! No "butts" about it, this place rocks!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'The D.', '2', "Atmosphere = 3 Food = 4 Stupid Music = 0 Seriously we come here to eat, not for music. It's not only ghetto and stupid but also very loud. This is how music can ruin the food."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Connie H.', '4', "Everything is chicken here. Rice plates, pho, and other dishes are really good. A bit pricey tho, cause I could get the same stuff somewhere else for cheaper. But the quality of the food is good, staff is friendly, and one of the workers looks like an Asian Selena!  (it's a good thing) Everyone should definitely try the red rice, with the rotisserie chicken, with an egg fry."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Emile L.', '5', 'One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose. They do chicken as a specialty, we ordered the sticky rice dish, a duck noodle soup dish (mi vit), the chicken congee and a chicken with green vegetables dish. All were great, each dish was about $11 so not too pricey. Will return many more times.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Shamoo S.', '5', 'They got their chicken broth down to the tee. Importantly the chicken was very tender. I really like the duck noodle soup as well! Duck was cooked just right. You get what you pay for, pricier side for both chicken pho and duck soup but well worth the bang.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Nancy C.', '4', "I love this place. Everything I've tried so far was delicious.  pha ga (chicken pho) with no skin com ga roti (chicken over rice) bun mang vit (vermicelli noodles with duck & bamboo shoots) Chao (porridge)  The service is always great. Collin has always been friendly and efficient upon any requests that I have made.  I highly recommend this restaurant!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Phuong N.', '4', 'Chicken noodle is delicious. Portion is large. Restaurant is clean an ambiance is good. I will come back here again.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Mary N.', '4', "My family and I come here most of the time when we visited San Jose. I love their Bun Mam & Mien Vit, they're pretty good and service is not bad. But they do charge for the tea, which I don't think is worth charging it. I mean we can pay for it, but it might be a reason to keep customers away."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Lisa K.', '5', "Com Ga Roti is a must!!!! I ate here the other day with my family and I was tempted to eat here again the next day lol.. Unfortunately, they were closed on Wednesdays. Bummer... Our friends had told us great reviews about this place, so we gave it a try. Was not disappointed at all.  I would go here and order the com ga roti for sure! Very flavorful and the chicken was crispy on the skin w/glazed honey or something and soft inside. Yumm.... My husband ordered the Pho Ga but I didn't think it was good. The Pho noodle tasted like powder like it wasn't cooked all the way but it was nice to try a variety of other items and know what not to order the next time I'm here. You should also try their desserts (Che Thai) it's pretty good. I liked how the ice isn't filled up all the way to the top and it's not thick ice either. By the time I finished my plate it was perfectly cool for me to start on my dessert right after.  You must try this place, definitely worth it!  Happy eating!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Dang N.', '5', "It's one of the most fancy Vietnamese Restaurant I went to. Pho Ga Nha means chicken pho from home and the restaurant design describe their logo. I feel like I'm in a 5 star vietnamese restaurant. The food is great! Some of the best chicken dishes I've had."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'David C.', '4', 'Really good chicken pho and chicken rice.  Cheap, large portions, great value.  The broth used in the soup and used to cook the rice is particularly fantastic.  Would not hesitate to come here again for a hearty, homecooked meal taste.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'J. Y.', '5', 'If you are craving tender steamed chicken breast and soft fluffy rice lightly seasoned with broth and shallots, this is your place! They serve it with a cup of chicken soup broth, delish.  Also add on chicken salad, goi and ask them for white meat only otherwise you can get some funky cuts of chicken. Very good and prepared with care.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Nick H.', '4', "The chicken breast pho was great, but the dry noodle with chicken was missing something.  Can't quite figure it out, just boring.."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Helen J.', '5', 'Dine in with my friend Sunday night very busy restaurant. All the food we ordered are pretty good. Highly recommend it']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Zee K.', '1', "Today was my first time going to Pho Ga Nha and it will be my last time. I did not like the customer service there. All the restaurants I've been to provide water or tea once I am seated. None of them required me to order something first before getting something to drink. My family and I ordered Thai tea at this restaurant and that was all we get. We had to ask for additional drinks. I don't want to feel the need to ask for water. When we wanted water, we had to get up to the counter to ask also since the employees were just sitting there and we sat far. I felt like no one really pay attention to the customers' needs. The food tasted decent but I found a hard plastic in my food and that kind of ruined my appetite. Without the hard plastic, I might give a 3 star and I may return; however, that wasn't the case."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Rosalina T.', '5', 'This is a very decent place which has tasty food, nice service and good sanitary. My husband and I come here every week. Our favorites are Pho, Xoi Goi Ga, Nem Nuong, and Bun Mam. Highly recommend!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thien B.', '5', 'The best chicken anywhere.  Cm Gà Xé  (Chicken rice no bone): Amazing (including the ginger fish sauce) Ph Gà (Chicken Pho):  Excellent Ph Bò (Beef Pho): Excellent']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Eddie L.', '4', 'Order the special #1 Pho Ga. The soup was very clean and clear. The dipping ginger sauce was ok. Service could use a little work.  $10 for a bowl of pho ga is a bit steep. My favorite is still Pho Kim Long on Capitol ave.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Truong X.', '3', "Honestly, I only order here and love this place because their food is consistent and delicious, HOWEVER, their service is atrocious. If I could find a better place in the area that had better chao or pho ga I would definitely go there instead.  It really irks me how I have to ask the waiter/waitress more than twice to get a glass of water when I had already asked for a glass when they take my order. Not only that, but they have the typical rude Vietnamese service that's so inappropriate for San Jose and really ruins the image of the fellow Vietnamese Americans in our community. They were so quick to hang up the phone, after already hanging up on us once, that I wasn't even told how long it'd take nor how much my order would cost.  If better service isn't going to be offered soon, I might as well tell my family to stop going here every Sunday."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Phillip L.', '2', 'The food was decent, but the service is horrible. Expect it to take 10 mins to take your order, and another 15 to bring your bowl of pho out.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thanh-Hoa T.', '4', 'Definitely a good place if you like authentic chicken pho. I had #1, my nephew had steamed sweet rice with chicken, and my sister in law had duck/bamboo soup. Was really good although broth was a bit salty for my taste. Chicken tasted fresh. I wish they had (long trung) eggs with #1, which was one of the main reasons I went. Would come back. Service was ok..']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Cindy M.', '2', "when we received our orders we were really excited that the portions were so big.. but it turned out that big portion became a big problem. I tried the chicken pho dac biet and the chicken taste really good but the soup is really salty. I also had the bun mang viet which is the duck and bamboo shoot noodle soup and the duck was cooked so well and soft I loved it... but then again the broth must of had a lot of msg because I was not feeling too well after my meal. My gf and I had sore throats after eating our very salty meals. By the time we ate and paid and got into the car both of us were so thirsty and had sore throats. And as we were driving home both of us started to get really bad headaches.  The service was not the best. The old mad that took our order was rude and can care less. They took time to work on the decor in the restaurant and restroom but they don't care about their customer service."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thai N.', '5', 'Will the  real Pho Ga Nam An stand up? Seems like the original owners of the once popular restaurant is back. I been here 3 times in the past 10 days.  The dac biet chicken rice plate is recommended.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Dingwei W.', '3', "I agree that it's a little pricy. The lemonade soda is pretty good. The environment is good through. Probably will come back only for its drinking."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'David L.', '2', "Horrible experience!  Restaurant wasn't crowded on Friday night.  Waiter left a menu on our table and seem no one care any more for a very long time.  Eventually we made 2 orders: 1 mi viet tiem and 1 pho ga dac biet.    Waiting 25 minutes for mi vit tiem and 5 more minutes to have bowl of pho ga on table.  All food are normal and average except chicken is pretty decent.  The bill came out to be $30.  This must not be serious!  .... oh I forgot this restaurant charges hot tea for $2.   In summary, customer service and food value aren't justified for this overcharging.  Never come back!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Snow T.', '3', 'Very expensive. $13 + tax for roti chicken with red rice but what I got is fried chicken with soy sauce on the side. Roti chicken is not what I expected. That is not how you make roti chicken. I came here because of good review but disappointed. My mom makes it better than that. Not going here again. Other places make better chicken and rice for $10. The place does look clean. They are friendly.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Vicky S.', '1', "Never returning! Walked in with my family and the guy looked at us funny and when we asked for a table of 4 he looked at us and asked if we were in the right place (we are a Mexican family) and once we said yes he didn't seem too convinced. So he said there was a wait, but proceeded to seat the family who got there after us. Then he told us to look at the menu to see if we were in the right place. Just because I'm Mexican does not mean I don't/can't eat there. Simply walked out of that place to never return."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jcv88 D.', '4', "Food is awesome. It's just that language barrier gets in the way but everything else is alright. Nothing beats Ben Tre though, in Millbrae!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Emi L.', '5', "The food at Pho Ga Nha reminded me of my grandmother's cooking. My Boyfriend & I have been coming here at least 3 times a week. Everything is delicious and the service is great and also the staff is very friendly! 2 thumbs up Collin!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Michael J.', '5', 'Love this place. My GF is Vietnamese so we eat at a lot of Viet places. This place has the best Pho Ga in the South Bay! All the other food is great also!']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thach c.', '1', 'Took us forever to get sitting. Very bad service. Rice plates portion is very small for the price. Never coming back here again.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Thuc N.', '5', 'This family\'s first restaurant was Cm Gà An Nam, which was later sold. I\'m glad they decided to get back into the "chicken" cuisine because I think no one else can make chicken dishes as good as they do. I\'ve been to this place twice already and it was opened fairly recently. My all-time favorite is boiled chicken over rice (Cm Gà). I\'ve also tried fried chicken wings over crunchy sticky rice and liked it. The service is quite good for a Vietnamese restaurant. And credit cards are accepted. The restaurant is small, but clean and well decorated. All in all I strongly recommend it.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'dewe n.', '3', 'We just witness a big argument between the owner and the chef.  The chef and servers just walk out and went home, after cussing at  each other in the kitchen.  Food was excellent, chicken juicy and flavorful.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Brandon L.', '5', "Went to dinner with my mom and tried bun mam soc trang and it was really good.  It was much better than bun mam ha tien at Paloma Plaza.  Their broth smells great and not too fishy.  My mom tried their bun mang vit and it was good also.  Just one thing is that they don't have kid size meal for my 3 years old so I end up getting a full entree size for him which is too much for little guy."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Booger D.', '2', "Chicken pho is ok but even close to my favorite on Santa Clara st.  Place was quite filthy in the back left part of the restaurant. Never seen so many flies and food scraps on the floor. Bus boys were clueless and didn't lift a finger to clean despite new customers sitting down. Surprised we stayed and ate."]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Maries M.', '1', 'Food taste like hospital food so plain nothing special. We are so disappointed... I do not recommend this place...']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Will L.', '4', 'I got the filet mignon with brisket or Pho Tai Gau (not on the menu must special order).  It was good.  The soup was flavorful.  They were very generous with the meat.  I got 6 HUGE pieces of filet mignon and 9 to 10 decent sized brisket.  They also give a small portion of noodles compared to the meat.  The only thing is the large is like a small in most places so if you are hungry order a large and a small or two larges.  Overall it was very satisfying for the night.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Shan S.', '4', 'I came here on Tuesday when the "Bun Bo Hue" store is closed, but they also have very nice Bun Bo Hue noodle soup, and the servers are nice and patient, I will definitely come back to try their chicken.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Food Critic C.', '4', "At this place, you'll get some good ol'pho,  nice clean broth and restaurant. I love that they give TONS of broth in each bowl and the spicy ginger sauce is on point, but where's the chicken? Don't be deceived by the pictures. I'd say Pho An Nam is  more generous with chicken portions and ratio of noodles to broth.  Overall, two thumbs up! Will return when I'm not feeling carnivorous.  Oh, credit/debit is accepted and they keep hoisin/siracha in the back so just ask! MORE CHICKEN PLEASE, just sayin'!"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Mac B.', '5', "I was here for lunch today, place was full house.  It used to be PHT but don't know why they change to Chicken place.  Probably same owner, cause I saw the lady.  I tried there Mien ga, this is exactly what Im having at home.  My friend tried the com siu siu, he said it was excellent.  Kim Chi was spicy and tasty and the ginger fish sauce was thick like it suppose to be.  Next time I will try the Com Roti, I saw the next table ordered that.   Oh they even except credit card, 5 starts for that"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jason T.', '4', "Mixed opinions about this place. On one hand, it has the best chicken pho in the Bay Area ever since turtle towers product started to decline the chicken had a nice chewy skin and a silky, tender flesh. On the other hand, service is mediocre at best. Our waiter was not enthusiastic about his job. We ordered a ice coffee, but it never came out. Also, my aunts dish came out when I was finished.  Overall, great food but lousy service approximately 3.5 stars, but I'll bump it up to a 4 for being the best Vietnamese chicken place in the Bay Area"]
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Mimi T.', '1', 'This is a terrible Vietnamese restaurant in San Jose Ca. They have very bad service and rude with customer. I strongly recommend everyone never come to Pho Ga Nha.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'John P.', '2', 'the food was tiny portion for the the price, service was ok, GSG, MGS,.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Rob C.', '5', '4.5 enjoyed this place a lot.  got the chicken cabbage salad with rice.  delicious with those crispy shallots, fish sauce, coriander, fresh ingredients, although the lean chicken slices are a bit chewy-- not perfect.  the spicy dipping sauce for the chicken is great with a nice clean pho broth.  salad not as good as the one at Gogo Pho though, which is the best.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'L. V.', '4', 'Good place for chicken pho. Quality meat. Condiments include ginger with fish sauce for dipping. Solid place. We usually go there for dinner once a month.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kimmie L.', '5', 'Ph gà best in SJ.  They have a chicken feet stew was surprisingly delicious. Slurp up every bit and ordered 2 to go.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Huy M.', '5', 'I have tried pho ga all over the world and truthfully i think this is the best pho ga in the world including pho ga in viet nam']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jonathan S.', '4', 'I went here today with my mom and grandma as my grandma had a craving for com ga hai nam. Well, she ordered the com ga and my mom and me ordered mien ga xe (or shredded chicken noodles). The food was good but it was a tad salty. It was also a bit pricey for chicken dishes. The best part for me was that they have Thuy Nga (Paris by Night) videos to watch while you are eating. Basically, you are getting Vietnamese entertainment and great food. What more can you want?']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Kathy L.', '3', 'The food was decent. Nothing really stood out to wow us! I ordered the today\'s special "bún mam". It was good with very different protein variety that you don\'t find in other restaurant for the same entree. One thing I thought was necessary in bun mam was eggplant but it\'s missing. I guess all chef has different way of making it. If this item make it to the menu as suppose to just the today\'s special, I might tell my sister to try as she loves that.  My parents in-laws ordered pho fillet mignone and tender well done brisket. They said the the tendon was cooked just right. We should have tried some pho Ga but didn\'t. Silly us!  Since we were here for Monday lunch. It was not busy at all. The service was just ok. It\'s probably the Vietnamese thing but they don\'t thank you when you leave. The owner (guessing here) at the cashier did not  even have a smile on. After I paid, you don\'t even get a thank you. I would have give it a 4 stars if the service is a little better. Like treating you with welcome/warm greeting.']
['pho-ga-nha-chicken-pho-house-san-jose-2', 'Jennifer N.', '3', "My friend took me here and I was surprised to see how good the food is. I ate at this restaurant when it was under different name. It is the same owner though. All the dishes here are good. Bun mang vit (duck noodle soup), bun mam, chicken salad are good. Sticky rice with fried wings is exceptional. There is some problem with my friend's bun mam (anchovies noodle soup). It was not hot enough and she had to ask the waiter to heat it up in the microwave. He completed forgot about it and she had to come to the counter to remind about it. By the time the noodle soup came back to the table, the noodle became too soggy. However the soup tasted very good. My friends came the other night to eat around 8pm and they complained the broth was salty. But when I ate there around the same time on different day, the broth was ok. They need to do quality check in the evening. Besides the minor issues, I still take a lot of friends here to eat."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Dean C.', '5', '5/11/18 I remember this meal being outstanding, which is hard to be given nearly 95% of Vietnamese places are very similar to each other.  I mean, they all look the same, people talk the same in the same voice, the room always looks the same, the menus might as well all have been produced by the same writer and printer, and they probably all use Star Trek Enterprise\'s replicator to make their pho... But thank goodness this place was particularly tasty! (Spoiler alert: we did come back within a week with a friend (cause it was THAT good!)... and it wasn\'t as good on that return visit.  But we\'ll get to that when I get time to write that review.  But my notes say this night was great, so I\'ll record that for history.): Drinks 7. Tra Mat Ong Chang Day $4 "honey ice tea wt passion fruit":  Awesome and deeply flavored with lots of passion fruit.  So good I drank it too fast.  8/10 Hue\'s Specialties 4. Banh Beo Chen (5 Chen) $4.25 "steam rice cake wt fresh ground shrimp":  The cake was just a tad dry but I loved all the toppings, which added tons of textures and flavors.  8/10 House Special 2. Bo Ne Phu Quy Dac Biet $12.50 "beefsteak, fried egg, meatball in tomatoes sauce, pate, french fries and salad":  WARNING: they serve this hot, so don\'t let the meat sit too long otherwise it gets overcooked!  If you eat fast, the meat\'s quite good quality and really juicy.  The pate also has a really rich flavor, and the bread was super soft inside, crisp outside.  Great!  9/10 House Special 6 Bun Rieu Cua (S/L) $9.50/$10.50 "traditional Vietnamese crab meat silly noodle soup wt pork ribs, pork blood, crad [crab] meat, tomatoes in crab broth soup":  We JUST watched a travel show where the dude ate authentic crab roe soup in Vietnam, and wouldn\'t you know... they got it here!  Looks pretty close to what we saw on TV, which basically was a blob of floating grey/orange/pukey-looking debris, and man does crab vomit taste amazing!  The soup was so delicious.  If you come here, this is what you need to get.  9/10 Alright... as I say before... (spoiler up top)... but for now, 5/5 #vietnamesefood #sanjose #vietnamesecrabsoup #crabsoup']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Hollie H.', '2', "Was in the mood for Hue foods and decided to give this place a try.   Got to say this place is clean, very reasonable, friendly staff but my rating is purely on the food. I want to give it a 3 but I just have to be honest they need to step it up with food. Banh beo:  not impressed it didn't come out piping hot like other places. It tasted cold and just not good compared to home made or down in OC.  Although each plate came out packed with shrimps, it lacked flavor and it doesn't taste good when served cold or room temperature. Baby clams served with rice cracker: lacked flavor. It was bland. Mind you Hue food has a lot of flavor and spice and if it doesn't then it's not authentic. They also mixed raw onions in this dish which tasted so wrong. It ruined it for me. You need to cook down the onions to give it the sweetness to balance the savory flavor. 3 dish family meal: Sweet and sour catfish soup: this dish was good. They have all the right ingredients and broth is on point. Carmalized shrimps: when you burned the sugar it's not a good idea to serve to your customer. This dish was mediocre at best. Sauteed green water crest: over cooked with no seasonings and under cooked garlic. Just horrible. This is like the easiest dish to make. We didn't even touch it this dish bc it was that bad. Lemonade: one would think you really can't go wrong with lemonade bc there's only so many ingredients, sugar water, lemon, and ice. Yeah you know what it just didn't taste good."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Quyen L.', '2', 'In the mood for Vietnamese steak and eggs, otherwise known as "bo ne," the hubby found another restaurant for us to try with Phu Quy located in one of the worst places to go on the weekend. This particular area of San Jose is notorious for horrible traffic, and the plaza of Phu Quy is no better with its compact parking stalls and tight entrances, but the hubby\'s cool composure got us to the restaurant a little after noon. After you get over the initial shock of how GREEN everything is, you\'ll notice the restaurant was actually quite clean and spacious, making for a comfortable dining experience. Service was surprisingly a strong point, especially our waitress who was sweet and accommodating.  The menu at Phu Quy isn\'t as gigantic as most Vietnamese places, but still offers more than enough to choose from. Of course, we ordered the "bo ne dac biet" as well as a side of "banh beo," a steamed rice flour pancake with dried shrimp, crispy garlic, and fried pork skin croutons.  The banh beo hit our table so quickly that we couldn\'t help but wonder if it was already pre-made and just warmed in the microwave. The fish sauce for the pancake had several pieces of jalapeno, but strangely packed no heat and wasn\'t as flavorful as we would have hoped. However, the banh beo itself was soft and we enjoyed the crispy croutons immensely.  The true star should have been the bo ne, but we weren\'t as impressed. The beef, advertised as "philemimon(?)," veered towards the chewier side, the sausage was too fatty, and the pate didn\'t have that creaminess we were hoping for. Even the sizzling plate itself didn\'t strike us at hot and the banh mi wasn\'t toasted or warm. The entree also came with a side of dense fries and a so-so salad. Phu Quy impressed us on two points: the cleanliness of the restaurant and the welcoming service. Unfortunately, the quality of the "bo ne" ruined what really could have been a great experience.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Sydney C.', '4', "I come here mainly for the banh beo everytime I'm in San Jose. One order comes with five tiny little plates for $4.25. The easiest way I can explain what banh beo is would probably be a rice cake with dried shrimp on top. They serve it with fish sauce which I recommend you add on top before you eat it - it definitely boosts the flavor! Some people might think they're just nothing out of the ordinary and very plain, but I love them! Wish they had places that served banh beo in SF!  Anyhoo - always a good experience when I come here to eat. Staff is always friendly and food comes out quickly!"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Tram N.', '3', "A lunch rendezvous w/ one of my former colleagues.  He's an older Vietnamese gentlemen that really helped me throughout my years there.  In fact, I got this job all thanks to his preparation.  We still keep in touch.   Because I know he enjoys Vietnamese food, I generally let him choose.  We drove all the way here from First and Trimble for lunch.  That's the beauty part of having lunch whenever and as long as whenever unless we have a meeting to attend.  Anyway. He ordered Mi Quang and I ordered Bun Bo Hue and an order (appetizer) of banh beo.  Service was fairly quick.  The guy helping us that day was very nice and polite.  Like too polite.  I'm no expert in Bun Bo Hue but I liked it and I can see myself going back there to eat although it is not as pungent as I remembered... the banh beo was good but the shrimp topping is a bit under-seasoned.   Overall, it's A-OK."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Annie N.', '3', "Growing up, I just loved anything that had pate in it. When I had bo ne for the first time in the OC, I was mind blown. Since then, I've been trying to find a decent place in San Jose to satisfy my craving and I think I've finally found the place at Phu Quy.  I got the Bo Ne Phu Quy which comes with a slice of steak, fried egg, xiu mac, and pate all on a sizzling plate. As usual, a salad and warm, flakey loaf of bread came as sides. I was surprised that it came with fries. I didn't enjoy the fries because they were kind of cold and stale but I didn't bother me because I don't care for fries with this dish anyway."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Nhi P.', '2', 'A hearty, comforting, steam-up-your-glasses bowl of Vietnamese food is always a good idea.  After searching many places and would like to try a new place.  We decided to pick this place - Phu Quy. The menu is relatively long and offers many dishes.  I ordered stir-fried water spinach with garlic and caramelized pork spare ribs that served with steam-rice.  My boyfriend as usual ordered the "Bo Ne" filet mignon - medium rare. Foods quality:  For my order, paid about $16 is little bit too much.  In particular, the water spinach was way overcooked, subsequently tasted so damn bad, it just so soft, not crunchy as it should be.  Moreover, I tasted just like raw garlic in there and the pork ribs was so damn hard, while their sauce was actually a bomb, in fact it is really good.  Luckily, my bf\'s dish tasted quite nice, but we notice every time, something is not right, they lacks of things (always).  We have to stand up and gets just ... everything:  fork, steak sauce, bigger spoon.  It just so strange.  Service: sometimes little slow, but friendly and knowledgeable.  Hours: The posted hours state that they are open until 10:00 p.m. every day but Thursdays, but we have many times arrived just after 9:00 p.m. on a Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday only to find them closed. Pretty inconsistent I might add.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Anh D.', '1', 'This is a bad place. I ordered a Special Steak, but it came out raw. After I requested to have it cooked again, the server was upset and he came out long later after. My steak looked the same, and there were lots of blood came out of the steak!! Sizzling steak supposed to be SIZZLE and hot, but there was no smoke coming out after the second time cooked. Oh well.. Never come back here again!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Sammy D.', '5', 'This place is yummy!! Filet mignon plate is awesome! Staff friendly too Theyre menu is a little different than typical Vietnamese restaurants, i think the food is more Northern Vietnamese style like from Da Nang and Na Trang... Very tasty and good appetizers']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Shirley F.', '5', "I've been in San Jose for over 5 years and never have I ever tried appetizers like these!  Most of the food here comes with their lightly salted fish sauce so addicting one can even take a sip with every bite! When you pair the sauce with their lip smacking appetizers, you will consume all.  I do want to point out tho, it does get cold in here so bring a coat!  Anyways, I highly recommend this place if you love the taste and smell of fish sauce!"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Randy F.', '3', "Located across from Vietnam Town, Phu Quy serves a vast array of Vietnamese dishes but specializes in Central Vietnam appetizers like Banh beo, Banh Lot, etc.  I actually stopped by for a breakfast item called Bo Ne Phu Quy so this review focuses solely on that item.  Bò Né is a Vietnamese rendition of steak and eggs and includes Pâté, Sausage, a Baguette and French Fries.  Phu Quy is a good sized space with plentiful seating and tables and service was both prompt and efficient.  The menu is quite extensive and I'll try the Central Vietnamese appetizers next time. My order.  Bò Né Phu Quy Dac Biet - $12.50. I love this dish mainly because it's a hearty carnivore's breakfast dream served on a sizzling platter. The higher priced option features Filet mignon but it lacked the  characteristic tenderness of Filet mignon, was a very thin piece of steak and cooked medium well so I was disappointed.  The presentation was solid and the platter had a good sizzle with butter cooking the solo egg and pate nicely. The sausage (doubt it's made in house) was sweet and savory and the meatball in tomato sauce was tasty too.  The baguette was nicely warm and there is a nice portion of French fries but I'd forgo all the extras (including the salad) for a better quality cut of meat. Thankfully, there was no excess gristle or fat but I liked Bo Ne Phu Yen's rendition better. One, the Filet mignon was thick and sliced nicely for you. Two, they asked how you would like it cooked and cooked it perfectly medium rare.  Overall, Phu Quy was a nice stop and they're advertising their Bò Né quite heavily on their tables but I'd opt for their Central Vietnamese fare instead.  Phu Quy accepts credit cards."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Ralfy B.', '5', 'Came for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. Ordered the three item family combo which included canh chua with catfish, stir fry veggies with squid, and pork belly and shrimp claypot. It included a large bowl of white rice.  The food was quite sweet but it tasted very good. I was surprised. All three dishes were cooked just right. It was blasting with flavor.  Service was unusual for most Vietnamese joints. They were actually friendly and smiley.  We were recommended this restaurant by a family member and I would definitely be coming back for the beef sizzle plates (bo ne). Sorry, the attached pic is of empty plates.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Jason T.', '3', "Came here on a Sunday because there was $1 Vietnamese coffee with a Yelp check-in. The pork rice plate was really big and filling. I could only finish half of it and took the rest home for dinner that night.  The service was kind of slow and they forgot one of my friend's orders, but it was fine because of their large portion sizes.  Overall, if you're looking for a filling meal for a decent price I would recommend going here. The food tasted okay and I wouldn't expect much service, but I thought the Vietnamese Coffee was a good deal."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Cathy L.', '5', "I don't think there's many places around that serve bo ne so I was pretty happy that this place specializes in it! I ordered the bo ne Phu Quy dac biet and I would say the steak is very tender and flavorful! The portions are pretty large too and it comes with a bread baguette, salad, and fries as well. Their banh beo is pretty good too! It's a good place to go to for brunch/lunch food and I would say the prices are pretty decent for what you are paying. I'll be coming back if I am ever craving banh beo or bo ne. This Vietnamese restaurant serves all kinds of different Vietnamese food! There are a lot of options to choose from if you are in the mood for rice plates, pho, egg rolls, soups, etc."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Breanna N.', '2', "My dad was the one that suggested trying this place out. We were kinda iffy since we saw that there were only 3 reviews at the time so the place was going to be p new.  I ordered the Bo Ne since it was something they specialized in. It came with the side of salad, fried, and bread. I expected the stone plate to come out sizzling and whatnot.. don't get me wrong it did, but only on the right side so my eggs weren't being cooked at all. The meat was soft, easy to cut. I actually enjoyed the salad even though the dressing made it a little watery. There was something floating in one of our water cups too, yuck.  Overall, this was place okay but I'm pretty sure I can find other places that serve sizzling Bo Ne. Not horrible but I probably wouldn't come back."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Thao H.', '1', "We ordered 3 items (canh ga chien nuoc morning, banh xeo and banh beo) and were able to eat only 1 out of 3 (banh beo).   We ordered canh ga with a side of white rice thinking I can feed my 2 years old with it.. I was beyond disappointed as the coating of the wings were hard like rock.. it was also beyond burnt..  Banh xeo was super oily.. they used boiled pork as filling and it smells super funky.. the flour was again super hard.  If you bring your old folks or young children, refrain from order these otherwise your jaw/masticator will hate you. The waitress knew something was wrong with the food when 75% of it was untouched when she brought us the check.. she said she will communicate with the kitchen so I'm hoping they will improve  their recipe.  We won't be coming back to this restaurant.."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Dân T.', '5', 'Nice service, tasty food   I love this place. They are very friendly. Bo ne dac biet is the special one. They also have a lot of tasty food that you should try.  Great place!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Manda Bear B.', '4', "Cheap eat, authentic Central and Highland Vietnamese cuisine, and generous portion. Replaced the My Khue restaurant before, almost similar menu, similar dishes but more expansion. Fair service, friendly young owner, just came from Vietnam a few years ago. Ambitious goal, well marketing on Vietnamese Television, and re-modeled the place to a cleaner look. If you don't mind the crazy traffic on Story Road, and hard to find parking in the plaza, check it out if you like: - Bún Bò Hue - Bánh Bèo - Bánh Ram Ít - Bánh Lá - Bánh Bot Loc - Mì Quãng  They also serve some 'family dinner style' dishes."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Brianna N.', '5', "My mom decided to try this place for a while because of how cheap the combos were and I have to say that it was well worth it. For only $19.50 you get 3 delicious dishes that taste just like homemade Vietnamese food. We ordered canh chua, tht kho, and veggies with really tender meat. I wasn't expecting much but I was blown away. The pork belly in the tht kho was amazing, perfectly caramelized. I would definitely go to this place again and if you're too lazy to cook a whole meal, this place is great for authentic Vietnamese food."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Boris S.', '4', "I like this place. Cool name, pretty good atmosphere and some interesting menu options. So, I am kinda over Vietnamese places having inattentive service. Even when it's friendly and smooth, you still get the whole ORDER/FOOD DROP/CHECK DROP treatment. I don't know what that's all about, but ok. Not sure I'll ever get it. Went in with the parentals as my sister calls them. Nothing like a month long family visit. I barely typed that with a straight face. Between my dad asking to eat his Pho with a fork and my mom speaking unbearably loud Russian, I am clearly living the dream out here. They have a 3 course meal option, which I don't recall ever seeing at a Vietnamese place. Went for a winter melon soup, which I've never tried. I also got a clay pot catfish dish and something else I don't remember, because they brought the wrong thing. Now, the wrong with was squid and veggies and was delicious, so it was ok..Of course since they don't check back, it was never addressed. It's ok, like I said, delicious. Catfish was just ok, nothing special. Winter melon soup was very good. It had some pork ribs, which actually was in the title. Winter melon tasted a lot like pumpkin, but very good either way. Now that I think about it, it also looked like pumpkin. Hmm. Overall it was pretty good. I can't give it 5 stars, but I think 3.5 rounding up to 4 for the menu options is pretty fair. I would come back and try more stuff."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Andy L.', '5', "I got Bò Ne ($12), which basically is the sizzling steak stuff. It came with everything I wanted: Big Bread, French Fries, Steak, Egg, Salad, and the steak itself. It had the right amount of heat and the steak was soft and juicy. I enjoyed the whole thing and the experience. Service was good and the place feels a little empty but I don't mind. Another awesome Vietnamese restaurant I would come back to."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Lynn A.', '4', "The family & I decided to stop by here for dinner a few nights ago. Walking in we weren't expecting much since the place was empty and it was dinner time. Sat down & checked out the menu. We noticed that they offer family style dinners (much like some Chinese restaurants) that come with two dishes and a soup for only $17. What a steal. We ordered two sets for the 5 of us and some appetizers and were stuffed by the time we were done. My favorite dish has to be the caramelized catfish. With so many other Vietnamese choices in the area it's easy to miss this hole in the wall restaurant but it's definitely worth the try!"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Ronny T.', '4', "I really wanted to like this place more than I did cause it's not in one of the big malls across the street.  I had the rice plate with pork, shrimp, and egg roll.  Pork and rice was good.  Came with one prawn for a dollar and an egg roll for another dollar.  Egg roll unfortunately was a little burnt.  I think it was cooked and deep fried again to warm it up.  Not so good."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Trang T.', '5', "We actually came here thinking it was the old restaurant called My Khe, but decided to try it out anyway. We got the Banh Beo, Banh It ram, My Quang, and Bo Ne. The Banh It Ram and My Quang were okay. My Quang had very fatty pork meat, which I couldn't really eat. We liked the Bo Ne and Banh Beo the most though. Will probably come back for those.  The restaurant itself is very clean. The workers are really friendly and provided good service. They added a slice of orange into the water too so I thought that was cool."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Thu P.', '5', 'This place has awesome service and they\'re very nice to kids. The food is also very good and always follow special requests if within reason All the appetizers are my favorite. I highly recommend "bo ne special".']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Gina N.', '4', 'Phu Quy has lately been our go to place for family dinner style because it is so affordable and good. They have all the dishes we usually order at other restaurants. Their fried fish is delicious and can feed more than just 2! We also really enjoy their banh beo, it is a little different from what we usually have, but its delicious!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Theresa V.', '2', 'Was hoping this was a new restaurant based on the good reviews on here. Turns out it\'s just the same as My Khe (what it used to be called). Not likely to be returning!  - bun bo hue: watered down broth, wouldn\'t order again - banh beo, banh it ram: decent - banh Nam/la: don\'t order it, was super thick and an odd color They could use a nice deep cleaning too. I know, I know..."it\'s a vietnamese restaurant", but who wouldn\'t want to eat in a clean restaurant?']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Ka M.', '3', "We came here about two weeks ago and I was very excited to try their highly rave about Bo Ne.  Presentation was awesome, however I felt there wasn't enough beef to fill you up.  The side salad and french fries, I can do without, I didn't really touch those items. I did like the pate, baguette and the one meatball it came with.  We had also order their Pho #1 and the Banh Xeo.  My family wasn't impressed with the pho and my Banh Xeo didn't come out until we were about finish eating our dishes. I took a bite or two and packed the rest to go.  On our way home about an hour later I got hungry and took out my Banh Xeo and devoured it.  Plenty of shrimp and pork as the fillings.  I was impressed and really loving this, not sure if it was bc I was super hungry or not.  I didn't think it was that tasty at the restaurant when I took those few bites.  Overall, I thought this place was just average and the dishes we had ordered were just okay, it didn't really wowed us. Staff were friendly and they were doing their best to accommodate all their customers."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Cammie P.', '4', "Down in Southern California, there are a few restaurants where you can get the family meal combo for cheap (canh chua, thit kho, veggies). I've been looking for a similar restaurant in the Bay Area but could not find any until today, at Phu Quy. They have the family meal combo for $18!!! And it's good. Perhaps not as good as Nha Trang but there's no line here and it's certainly cheaper so I'll be coming back. We also got banh beo which was delicious.  Some suggestions for the staff if they ever read reviews: (1) please have ca kho tot and thit ba chi (clay pot fish with pork belly) on the menu; and (2) make sure customers have napkins and bowls before the food comes out so we don't have to wait to eat."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Katie L.', '4', "This place is a little hole in the wall Vietnamese restaurant located in a tiny plaza across from Little Saigon. I was carving banh beo and my friend and I decided to come here. We ordered two orders of the banh beo (comes 5 per order), bun bo hue, and banh cuon thit nuong. The banh beo came out fast! They were pretty yummy, especially with the pieces of pork skin on top. Their nuoc mam (fish sauce) is okay tasting, it could be better, but add a little bit of the hot sauce and it will do. The bun bo hue was mediocre. I have had better, but it sufficed for the time being. I had to add a little bit more of the fish sauce because it wasn't salty enough for me. My friend ordered the banh cuon thit nuong, and it seemed like she liked it (I didn't try it) but nonetheless she ate it. Overall, I would only come back here for the banh beo."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Sunshine T.', '3', 'The Vietnamese beefsteak was nice but they need to improve the quality of the plate. I am not sure if the black things stuck to my eggs were bad to our health or not..']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Lindsay B.', '5', 'This restaurant is good for those days that you crave some nice "home cooked" Vietnamese meals but too lazy to do the actual cooking. My mom bought the Family meal combo for To Go and it\'s pretty great for a family of 3. It is well priced for the amount of food that you get.  As a side dish we got the Fish sauce chicken and it is BOMB AF. It is a must get! The sauce is perfect and I love the little garlic pieces on it. It\'s great. My favorite dish that I\'ve tried this far. I tried their Bo Ne prior to this and I love it! The steak is not chewy (which is good for those who suffer from TMJ like me). It comes with a side of salad and bread. The salad comes with a light vinaigrette which paired with the dish well. The vinegrette balance the fatty creaminess of the pate and steak.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Trammie B.', '5', 'I love their food, especially the "bánh bèo" and "bò né". Service is great. Highly recommended!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'DJ K.', '5', 'I love the Bò Né special! It was delicious, reasonably priced, and filling! The service is also quick and amazing. I would definitely recommend this place.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'David T.', '3', 'I think the quality went south and no longer a good value. The service is still great however. Reduced to 3 stars only.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Nina M.', '3', "We came on a Sat afternoon and the whole place was empty. We had the Bo Ne and the banh beo. The banh beo was ok. They didn't fill up the whole lil plate with banh beo like how Hue does it.  They probably want to skimp on the flour. The Bo Ne was alrite too. The pate, meat mall and egg was not bad. However, the steak was weird. The meat of the steak were smushy and fell off as soon as my fork touched it. I've never had any steak that does that before. But hey it is in the evening now and I haven't had any stomach problem so I guess it's ok. Overall the food was ok and the service was ok. I probably wouldn't be back though. There are better Bo Ne and banh beo around town."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Vi Y.', '5', "Really great/friendly service.  We ordered the combo hue appetizers.  I love how they make it a combo so you get a little bit of everything...banh It, Banh bot loc, Banh beo and Banh nam. Bo ne Dac biet was little bites of meat heaven...with house made sweet sausages, meat balls, filet mignon, Pate and a fried egg.  Get it with French bread to dip in that goodness. Thai noodle soup was a nice balance of flavors.  Not too sour, not too sweet.  High quality ingredients. We also ordered the 3 items for $18 so we'd have lunch and dinner the next day.   Thumbs up! We'll be back to try out the rest of the menu."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Lay J.', '5', 'Their banh beo is very delicious! The workers are also extremely nice and welcoming. Very nice place to eat. Must try :)']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Giselle O.', '5', 'Bo ne is good, tender beef, reasonable price. Will come back and recommend to my friend.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Ken T.', '5', 'Just stopped by today to try Tumeric Noodle with shrimp, pork ribs and vietnamese pork ham  and dumpling Atop Fried with shredded shrimp for lunch. I can say that this is the best noodle I have ever tried in town. The sauce they use for the noodle is fresh and delicious. It has the taste with the noodle in the middle part of VietNam. I bought one for dinner as well. Will bring my family for dinner some times.  Services are friendly and nice.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Linh N.', '5', 'Its waste your time if u have never tried it before . They have good service , yummy food and especially nice boss. Hurry come to store and order whatever you want.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Victoria T.', '5', "I came on the day of their grand opening. The broth of my seafood noodle soup (or hu tieu) was perfectly flavored. My mom enjoyed her rice plate called com ga hai nam. The chicken was moist and the ginger fish sauce was tasty. Many Vietnamese restaurants tend to dilute their fish sauce but this one was good. Service could be a little quicker but I can overlook that because they are new. I'll be back again to try other dishes!"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Tee K.', '5', "I like this place because the 3 item family meal is good and authentic taste of Vietnamese hone cooking.  I like their claypot fish dish and sweet and sour catfish soup.  Their kabocha aka Japanese squash pork rib soup is so very good.  Also the shrimp in me which is in tamarind sauce is good too.  Their vegetables dish is a bit bland but good and light.  I also like how they cook their rice.  It's fluffy and soft.  They cooked it right similar to Korean or Japanese rice. They also use real avocado for their drink.  It's rich and creamy.  Friendly service."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Coco T.', '5', 'Good customer service. We ordered the family combo, muc xao, canh bi do, va ca kho to. They tasted really good, we finished everything:))). We will come back soon']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Johnny T.', '4', "We saw this restaurant online so took wifey to try it out. Foods are good with new owner. Services are nice. Next time we sure will come try something different. Their beef steaks are really yummy. Parking is all right but you know how Story road is; always traffic, that's the only thing I do not like so much but what the heck; foods in my tummy is yummy.. it's cool. :)"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Thuy Anh N.', '5', 'Visited this place to try banh beo and liked it enough to come back for it. Plus they have pretty nice service']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Caroline L.', '1', "I don't know how the food was made, but when I saw the cashier make iced coffee, I really wanted to vomit!  After he processed my payment, he made the iced coffee for me which was what he was supposed to do while I was eating my food.. He used his hands to touch the tip of the spoon and then used it to combine the condensed milk with the coffee. After that, he used his hands to break the ice. Note that the whole time he was doing this, he did not wash his hands. You're handling money and playing games on your iPad, dude. How can you not wash your hands while you're making drinks? I ordered bun bo hue, pho bo, and a couple of appetizers. Nothing was particularly good. TLDR; this establishment is unsanitary and they would probably get a terrible score for their health inspection."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'M C.', '5', 'I got banh beo ($3.99) and bun bo hue ($8.50 for small). The banh beo was excellent. Bun bo was good, not very spicy unfortunately. They have a wide selection of southern/central Vietnamese dishes that are hard to find. The banh beo alone makes a visit here worth it!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Huyen P.', '4', 'Good banh beo, banh ram it, and banh khoai. Great price. Will be back with family.  Service is also good.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'J T.', '4', 'Soon ram man (carmelized spare ribs in claypot) is very savory!  Canh chua Tom (hot and sour shrimp soup) is excellent! Hits the spot!  The lotus root, shrimp and pork salad is very refreshing and appetizing!!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'S T.', '1', 'Overrated and overpriced. Very small portion! I could not come back. Plus the service was horrible too. Ordered too different dishes and the broth was identical and there barely any meats.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Kent P.', '5', 'This is the ideal place for Vietnamese food, especially the beefsteak with fried egg, meatball in tomatoes sauce, pate, French fries and salad. The prices here are reasonable as well. I highly recommend this restaurant for you guys.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Jana S.', '5', "Food was really good and the portions were big! The Banh Beo was savory, Banh Xeo was crispy and a bit spicy, the Bun Thit Nuong's meat was really tender and the noodles was enough for 2 people. Will definitely be back!"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Xuantam N.', '1', "Review is mainly for the food. We ordered banh beo, cam hien, mi quang & cha hue. Cha hue was decent but the rest tasted like it was spoiled. And banh beo was def microwaved. Its usually my kids fab but they couldn't even eat it.  Me khe was a lot better."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Kris T.', '5', 'Whenever i want "banh beo", i would definitely come here to get it. It\'s better than the other place, and very close to my house. I think they changed the owner, so they have more food than before. The "bo ne" is very good and cheap. Keep going guys for the good service!']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Carrie R.', '1', 'Our order took over 30 mins to get to our table, they were so understaffed. We ordered fries as an appetizer 3 separate times and still it never came. The beef stew was sadly mostly inedible meat pieces, for the $10.50 price point I expect to have enough meat to feel satiated but only 3 pieces were edible out of maybe 10 pieces. I also asked for the yelp check in $1 Vietnamese coffee, and was charged for full price.  Definitely not the place to go back to. Only saving grace was a yummy hot soy milk. Only one star for Phu Quy']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Loc H.', '5', 'Good flavors, big portions for family dinner and very friendly service!!! Definitely come back next time to try bò né and mì qung.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Perry N.', '4', "Order mi quang and garlic butter wings! Bo ne dac biet and VN coffee are okay only. I'm not sure if it is new My Khe  since the has the same Hue food but we like it better than My Khe. They also have 3 course dinner for $17.99."]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Kathryn N.', '5', "We were gonna eat at Vietnam town but the prices there were ridiculous and weren't authentic (my parents tell me that's where the millennials go lol). So we crossed the street and went here because it closes later than other stores around the area. Ordered Mi Quang because it was something different, and it was worth it all! Broth not too salty, generous amount of pork ribs (fell off the bone good), a lot of noodles, but the cracker was a bit stale. I split it with a friend and we were both full, so portions are lovely here. Underrated area, good customer service, lots of sitting room. It closes at 10 but we stayed until 10:30, and they had no rush kicking us out (we tipped them extra - don't worry). They were really understanding and welcoming!"]
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Qa N.', '4', 'Good foods for a family dinner and reasonable price.  A special plate -Bo ne Phu Quy.. . Very good and should try it.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'christophe n.', '3', 'The Bo Ne is not bad but the french fries are not acceptable. Service is good though. I told them to change to smaller fries.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'Ngoc N.', '5', 'One day, I was looking for something new in town. Searching on yelp and found it. Then, I went there and surprisingly I got my absolute delicious beef steak. Add on to it, the price is cheap and they also have several appetizers. Then, numbers of choices for entree such as "com ga", "pho special" and "family meal". The servers are also nice and good looking. :)) All good.']
['phu-quy-san-jose-2', 'John T.', '5', 'This one my favorite "bo ne" place. I have eaten here at least ten times and each time I still want to come back. I highly recommend the "Bo Ne Phu Quy".']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Brandon P.', '5', "This place is great! If you love duck, this is your restaurant. It's a small, somewhat discreet restaurant that is super affordable. Highly recommend! Food: I had the duck salad, which was soooo good. It comes with a healthy portion of duck with a bed of cabbage salad. You can also choose an option for soup but I liked the salad much more. Prices: The price is really reasonable and I personally thought it was really cheap. Service: I was eating alone and I usually don't expect much from an Asian restaurant but the server was really nice and accommodating.  If it wasn't too far from me, I'd definitely go again. Worth a try for sure."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vivian C.', '4', "4.25/5 Thank god for places that actually specialize in duck, an under appreciated member of the poultry family. Came in on Memorial Day with my friend and this place was packed but we were seated in a few minutes. Service was a bit hard to flag down since neither of us speak Vietnamese. Restaurant is large but was constantly busy. Parking was in a lot and very easy. We eventually ordered the following: -Banh Bot Loc: Insides were well seasoned and had a good texture in contrast to the sticky tapioca exterior. My only complaint is that the tapioca here is denser than I've previously had and after a few pieces I was tired. (4/5) -Choi Vit: Porridge w/ side of duck (not the salad). Even by itself the porridge was great. Creamy w/ the grains well integrated but not a textureless mush. Very strong ginger flavors that paired well with the side of duck which was tender and flavorful. My only complaint is the duck bones were slightly shattered so picking it apart was a bit difficult but not that big a deal (4.75/5) -Bun/Mien Mang Goi Vit: Clear broth w/ vermicelli w/ side of duck salad. Broth was standard but still flavorful and the duck salad was delicious. I regret not getting the salad. The extra items really bring out the ducks flavors. (4.25/5) -Avocado Smoothie: Very standard, took forever to come out, can easily make better at home. (3/5) Overall I really enjoyed our meal here. Really wish employees paid us a bit more attention but then again I understand there's a language barrier. I would definitely come back."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Uyen N.', '3', "I had Banh Beo, Banh Bot Loc and Chao Goi Ga to go here about 3-4 times already.  I like the food, but i don't like the service and the way they calculate the bill.   Banh Beo is delicious and by far is the best i have had in San Jose.  Banh beo portion is tiny, at $9 it is absolutely overpriced.  Banh bot loc taste is okay, not memorable.  Chao goi ga is good because the very flavorful when eating with dipping sauce and salad dressing.   I take out 2 stars because: 1- every time i called to place an order, both the owners yelled at the phone because they couldn't hear me well (they should have fixed their phone speaker. Other restaurants didn't have issue listening to my order.) And, they were distracted handling the bills for other customers at the restaurant.  2- because they couldn't hear me well over the phone, they took my order wrong every single time.  I always asked no skin on my chicken meat, but the skin was never taken out.  One time i ordered 2 dishes and they put down 3, and they still made me paid for 3.  I didn't argue w them because i like the food, and I didn't want to embarrassed the old couple and myself in front of many people. 3- It lacks of transparency on the pricing.  For example, on the menu Banh Beo is $7.80. After all the tax and fee (i don't know what fee is here), i'm asked to pay $9.   Definitely, It's not about $1.20 difference. What I don't understand is why they don't just put $9 like other Vietnamese restaurants. It's shady, and i feel cheated somehow.   I don't like to eat in this restaurant because i don't like the smell of duck meat.  My clothes will smell of duck meat even i don't order duck dishes. Plus, the tables and chairs are placed too tightly. I just want to quickly pay my togo bill and get out asap."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thomas L.', '4', "Delicious and unique Vietnamese dishes. I ordered the grilled steak with veggies and tomato rice ($11). The steak was soft, juicy and mixed with savory sauce and grilled purple onions. The tomato rice was light in flavor and a good contrast to the savory, oniony steak. Only minor issue was when ordering a cafe sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee $3.50). I asked if it was the drip kind or pre-made,  and was told drip. We received our drinks already made. I definitely don't enjoy the pre-made kind, so you may want to skip the coffee order if you prefer the stainless steel filter brought to your table."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Amy T.', '3', "Vit means duck. If you're craving duck, this is the place for it. They offer everything from duck over rice to duck porridge to duck salad and we ordered all of this.  The duck over rice was my favorite. The rice was flavored as if it had been boiled in chicken stock. The duck was unlike the regular Peking duck I am used to having. It seemed much healthier and tastier with the house sauce it came with. The duck porridge was my least favorite. It was watered down and not flavorful. Strong ginger flavor as you can see fresh ginger slices on top as garnish. It also has giblets mixed in so if you're not a fan of duck organs, do not order this.  Service is close to none here. Be prepared to wave down the waiter if you need anything. Cash only!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'wt t.', '3', "Overpriced food and not so good service. The restaurant is tiny, and the food didn't leave a good impression on me. I prefer the other duck restaurant in Grand Century. Also prepare for horrible parking if you go here during peak hours."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Janice L.', '5', "No fuss, no frills, just really good duck - simply delicious!!  My parents' friend recommended we try this place out & I'm about ready to write her a personal thank you card because this is now one of my favorite places. I've only been here twice but both times have been great!  This time around we ordered a half duck salad, two rice noodle soups w/ bamboo, porridge w/ giblets, & rice w/ chicken wings.  Duck Salad (99999/5): Get this. Just get it!! With that said this is a giant portion and the salad is slaw like with a lot of cabbage as well as mint topped with a TON of tender duck! The dressing is bright and sweet while the dipping sauce is a bit stronger in flavor w/ a punch of ginger (yum!!) I'm not sure if any description could do this salad justice- trust me just get it!!  Rice Noodle Soup w/ Bamboo (4.5/5): These are listed in the back portion of the menu as additional sides. The broth is nice and light and the noodles are nicely cooked. Portion could be a slighttttt bit larger.  Porridge w/ Giblets (5/5): Simple and done right, that is all. Also I may be biased here because I love giblets.  Rice w/ Chicken Wings (3.5/5): Came with broth as well. Rice was nice and flavorful (even better if you pour some of the salad dressing on top. The chicken this time around was over cooked for me but still giving a 3.5 because the last time I had it, they were juicy!! I do like the sticky sauce they're coated in.  Service here is pretty good and really really friendly!!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vicky T.', '5', "Always a good idea to stop here when cravings for duck hit. They've got various noodle soup, rice and congee options. Try their appetizers too, everything is good! My fav is the banh beo (steamed little rice/tapioca flour cakes topped with shrimp and shallots). I love the bun mang vit (vermicelli noodle soup with duck) and the duck congee. We tried the bun bo hue here since the owners seemed to be from hue but I think the duck dishes are better here. Service is always great!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Monte H.', '4', 'Super tasty banh bot loc, banh la, and banh beo, but the portions are on the smaller size. The duck and chicken, on the other hand, are generously portioned and also very good. The vit nau chao is very flavorful, and though some of the duck chunks in there were slightly overcooked and dry, the broth makes up for it. Cash only.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Marilyn T.', '5', "If you have Vit in your restaurant name, you better be serving the best vit in town. I can attest that Vit Dong Que is HANDS DOWN the best place to eat duck dishes and Hue appetizers! Another thing that earns them 5 stars is that they have the right fish sauces for every dish! You know how much we Vietnamese love our dipping sauces! Goi Vit (duck salad) is a must order! It comes with a dressing to mix in and ginger fish sauce for dipping the duck. Banh beo - fresh out of the steamer every time and topped with fresh made dry ground shrimps (not those flaky shrimps you typically see on party trays).  Banh bot loc - I would say it's the best I've ever eaten aside from my mom's homemade one. The filling is perfectly seasoned. Banh nam - I don't usually eat this but I thought it was pretty good. They don't skimp on the filling.  I would eat here everyday if I could! Drooling as I write this review :p"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Dean C.', '5', '7/16/17 This restaurant is now my go-to restaurant for having hungry company over.  When it\'s time to go out, and I wanna show off what San Jose is all about food-wise, I look no further than this restaurant just a mile or two from my house.  Why?... 1. Well, of course, cause it\'s next to my house... 2. BUT, the real reason: cause it STINKS LIKE HELL.  Like when Lucifer takes a dump at his hot home.  STINKS.  LIKE HELL.  And let me tell you, with few exceptions, places that smell this bad are THE BEST. 3. Food\'s authentic as F (making it stink like hell.) 4. The dude that normally helps us is really cool, really talkative, and a good dude.  He forgets, but every time I come he\'s happy to talk to a Taiwanese, to tell me how he came from Vietnam to work there.  Told me a few times already.  Same story.  Good chance it\'s true. So more on #3:  This restaurant is famous for an epic dish: Vietnamese STINKY TOFU soup, with duck ("duck" is what the restaurant name means.)  Ever had Chinese stinky tofu?--well... if you haven\'t, all I can say is that it would be the equivalent of eating hamburgers all your life but never having eaten fries.  Seriously.  You need stinky tofu.  You\'ll live longer and be smarter.  Your awareness of smells and sound will be through the roof... Alright anyway, unlike the Chinese version, the Vietnamese one is rotted further to the point that they can dissolve it into their soup.  And so when you order their #A5 or #A6 you will not find any tofu that you can actually pick up with your chopsticks--it\'s completely mixed in giving the soup a slightly pink haze and that beautifully disgusting smell that you would imagine to accompany your Pepto Bismo diarrhea. Every person I\'ve ever taken here has left refereshed, happy, and just high on life as if they just took the best dump of their life.  You will be too.  Come. 5/5 #vietnamese #sanjose #stinkytofu #star']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Michelle V.', '5', "Delicious duck dishes that really hit the spot! We came here on a weekday night and there was a big party, so the store was packed. It's a small store but it's often fully filled. We got the vermicelli and duck plates, one smaller and one bigger (the bgger order included more salad). We didn't expect the bigger order to be DOUBLE the smaller order. We basically got an entire duck and more!  The soup and noodles were great. I wish there was more bamboo but this meal left us stuffed and satisfied. The service was a bit rushed but I didn't really mind it. I think the portions are great for the price too!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Joanna L.', '4', "Authentic Vietnamese food, very affordable prices, cash only.  The owners are from Hue, and they cook up some good food. We shared the banh nam and duck salad, and everyone got their own bowl of soup. The small duck salad is a good portion for $11. I've never tried banh nam before, and it was fun to try something new.  I love their broth. I got a side order of phan mien mang, and it was far from a side order portion. I'm a fan of the bamboo shoots and giblets, as well as the clear noodles. My friends got the bun hue and phan bun mang, both which were tasty as well.  We came at 2pm on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was packed. Definitely worth it."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Denise L.', '4', "This is duck paradise!  But only if you're eating duck, that is. If you love ducks as friends, this is not the place for you. As soon as you are seated, you'll the notice the menu cover has an amiable looking duck on it. Don't let it guilt trip you!  FOOD: -------- The *Vietnamese Iced Coffee* is strong and sweet, mixed with condensed milk. Always a great complement to any meal, especially for Viet cuisine. We started out our meal with the *Banh Beo* appetizer, which consists of dried shrimp over rice paste in small shallow bowls. Use a spoon to scoop these out. The appetizer comes with 9 of these small bells, so it was perfect for 3 of us to share. Next came the hefty and appealing *Duck Salad*. Huge portion! And lots of duck meat galore. This was really delicious. We eagerly inhaled our food, only slowing down to eat our sides of *Porridge*, otherwise known as congee. For $5 the portion was rather generous.  You will certainly walk away feeling stuffed and satisfied.  SERVICE: ---------- We got helpful recommendations from the owner on portion sizes, which saved us since we almost ordered way too much food. Friendly service and conversation from the owners.  I will definitely be back, especially if Tasty Pot around the corner has a long wait (over 1 hour for hot pot?!).  TIP: Never hesitate to ask for advice when ordering.  DATE TIP: Make sure beforehand that your date loves duck... as a meal!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vivian H.', '4', "Duck, duck, ...goose. Just kidding, just duck. This store anyways. The name literally translates to duck restaurant.  This place specializes in dishes of a duck variety. Yes, there's other Vietnamese dishes, but I'm sure if the restaurant name is Duck Restaurant, their best food is DUCK.  I GPS'd my boyfriend here as a surprise because he loooooves duck. We ordered the clear noodle soup with duck and bamboo (mien mang vit), the duck salad (goi vit nho), and the egg noodle soup with duck (mi vit tiem). Each dish that comes out is HUGE.  The egg noodle has a dark colored soup. Its kind of herbal, so the first sip can be surprising. You can taste the herbs that go into the soup, like star anise, which plays a powerful role in this. This soup is also a little sweet, giving it an addicting taste. It comes 2 giant pieces of duck leg, but unfortunately it's a little overcooked and dry.    The duck salad is BARELY a salad. its about 7-8 large pieces of chopped up duck atop of chopped lettuce and cabbage. The exterior is a bit off putting because its pale, but the meat was juicy and tender. The ginger sauce that comes with the salad pairs with it well. My boyfriend got the clear noodle soup with duck. I had a couple bites (whats yours is mineee, foreverr) so i was able to try out his dish. The clear soup was savory and light! The flavor isnt as strong as the egg noodle broth, but savory and light. It's a bit fatty --- just enough to taste the duck.  Service was okay. The lady checked up on us when necessary. I flagged her down when i needed water. I wasnt surprised since its an asian-run store.  Parking is okay. It shares the plaza with Tasty Pot and other restaurants. It's right next door to Vietnam Town/Grand Century.  I would definitely come here again. The herbal duck noodle soup is must try and i havent found another place that serves it!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Chloe S.', '3', "A cute little gem in little Saigon area that I was very happy I stumbled upon! I was greeted with the cutest and very happy staff which made me feel so warm inside already. The menu specializes in duck dishes and even has an enlarged photo of a duck in the front of the menu which I thought was funny and cute. My boyfriend and I got the banh beo, Bbh, and chao goi vit. The Banh beo was freakin amazing!! So good I couldn't stop eating them and was sad when they were all gone!  The BBH was good but not amazing, and the chao goi vit was good, but I was a bit disappointed that they've already mixed all the ingredients in there for us. We were also not given the same similar size duck pieces as in all the photos on yelp, and had little slithers instead. Felt a bit ripped off there, which is why I had to bump this review from 4 to 3 stars."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thao T.', '5', "My Vietnamese mom is the toughest food critic I know,  and I decided to give this place a shot due to the raving reviews....let's see if it lives up to its hype. Firstly, it's in the same plaza as Tasty Pot; if you went into the same parking structure that Grand Century is at, you've gone too far. Now, let's get into the GRUB review:  Hot Tea: they legit sliced ginger and put it in a mug filled with hot water - most subtle yet bougie green tea I've ever had at an authentic vietnamese restaurant. Thanks for getting my metabolism and immune system right. Appetizer: Banh Beo (BOMB), the dough was so light and the toppings flavorful. Entrees: I ordered the mien (clear vermicelli) and was pleasantly surprised when it came with a full plate of duck on the side. I like my noodles soft so I loved this. That ginger nuoc mam/fish sauce used to dip the duck and bamboo shoots in reminds me of home. LEGIT. My Mom ordered the mi vit/braised duck with egg noodles and she actually LIKED IT! This is a woman that gives a C rating to restaurants when she's feeling generous. This bowl came with not one but TWO giant duck legs. Obviously they don't skimp on the meat here. Side dish was some pickled radish topped with hoisin sauce..super simple but complemented the soup well.  We both came out of the restaurant super satisfied...we will come back and either get the same thing or try something new. Support your local mom n pop shop!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Doug C.', '5', 'Wow incredible food. We kept saying this is good at least 20 times.  Bahn Beo is good; other review said it was the best they had. I would agree. Best I have had. Very tender, and thin. The other places make them small and thick but these are thinner and hence much more tender. 5/5 Banana wrapped rice flour version of bahn beo.. this is even better. These melt in your mouth because they are warm. Best I have ever had. Definitely order these.  Duck soup with vermicelli: excellent duck based broth. Not fatty at all. Broth is not too salty.  Chicken soup w/vermicelli: looks like a fresh free range chicken. Has real chicken flavor. No fat in the chicken broth. Chicken tender and not blanched of flavor which is what you would expect from chicken used to make soup. Chicken soup was more popular w/the group than duck. Chicken w/noodles is probably one of the best we had.  Very crowded and popular. Prices reasonabla all ~10-13$ for fresh higher quality meat/soup dishes.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Derek S.', '5', 'Came by for lunch the other day and it was a tasty experience! Parking is rather tight in their private lot, with plenty of parking at the Grand Century Mall next door! Managed to get seated by the restroom upon arrival and the staff was friendly in getting my menu and taking my order. Ordered the Bun Bo Hue which was phenomenal. The broth was perfect, delicate, and flavorful. Unlike other Bun Bo Hues, this one has two crab balls, in addition to the usual treats like tendon, beef shank, and pigs feet. Venue is cash only!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Michael K.', '5', 'This restaurant serves very good breakfast.  I enjoyed porridge and duck salad very much.  Service was excellent and food was very delicious.  I highly recommend this place.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Karney V.', '4', "I was on a mission to find Banh bot loc, and this place has it. They're located conveniently across the street from lion market in little Saigon and everyone who eats here is pretty much local. Ordered their soda Chanh which came out in a narrow glass with lemon, sugar and whatever makes soda Chanh, with a can of club soda. Not bad, but I guess I was expecting the sweetened stuff I have ordered from Quang hy in Westminster in years past, which uses lime not lemon, with a sweeter take on the drink.  Be aware that it's cash only and parking can be a bit hectic on Saturdays"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vy T.', '5', "I'm always impressed by the value of this v popular Vietnamese dish in general (yenno w/ the yummy noodle dish AND a meaty salad).. and am happy to see that Vit Dong Que isn't pulling some Bay Area bs and pricing it way above what it usually costs   The GOOD: - Clean establishment and good, smiley service - Pretty good Bun Mang Vit! I think the broth could use a bit more depth, but maybe that's because I'm used to a lil' MSG LOL. The duck salad was solid, but my duck portion had way too much fatty skin on it. Perhaps choose thinner ducks in the future, lol? - The banh bot loc appetizer ( 9 little plates w/ a white gelatinous film and some crushed shrimp on top) was yummy, and I appreciated how they warmed up each of the ceramic dishes up... mmm. The MEH: - It's located in a very tight plaza... You WILL have trouble finding parking here if you go on a popular day, so I suggest going and parking in the Grand Century lot next door. The walk's no longer than 3-5 minutes... it'll save you gas and some headaches"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lily T.', '4', "Yummm!! I drive all the way to SJ just to eat here!! We have Vietnamese food in oakland, but nothing compares to Vietnamese food in San Jose. I should really move! I just love Oakland too much to move. I expected the basic service for a Vietnamese restaurant, but I was wrong. The service is really good. They are very nice and helpful. My friend was trying to pronounce her dish and the man started to teach her more things in Vietnamese. It was entertaining! ***Cha gio- okay. Better than most places because it has more meat than vegetables inside. ***Banh bot loc- mehh. It is too dense and has too much tapioca. ***Banh beo- THE BEST I'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME!!! Most places make the rice cakes too thick, but here it's perfect and has the perfect amount of ground shrimp. They even put fried pork skin... that tops it off! ***Bun bo hue- pretty good. Very flavorful unlike most places. They give a lot of meat, fish cake, and pork blood. Love that they aren't stingy with the portion. ***Bun mang vit- pretty good. I'm not a fan of bamboo shoot, but the flavor is great here. I tried a little bit of my friends soup. I think this is their specialty at the restaurant.  ***Com ga roti- very good. The chicken has a lot of flavor. The rice is very different, but they go together very well! I'd order this again.  I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant!! I will also be bringing more friends to try it too!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Kev W.', '5', 'I found this place that has a good "duck" menu with good price. You can\'t go wrong with this place. Hue dishes are also good as well.  Recommended dish: glass noodle and duck salad Banh Bot Loc Hue.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Sonia F.', '4', "Had this place bookmarked for awhile now & finally got a chance to sample their duck items.  Ordered banh beo, shrimp rolls & small duck salad as appetizer. For our main, we order the duck noodle in fermented tofu soup, a bowl each :) When our orders were taken,  the guy already warned us it's too much food for the 2 of us but we knowingly acknowledged the fact Banh beo was good.. slightly on the thinner side. We wolfed those down in a jiffy.  Duck salad was next.  It's basically steamed duck on a bed of cabbage slaw. The slaw had some rauram & slivers of banana palm flowers.  The guy told us to pour the more watery sauce on the slaw but not the duck. We were supposed to eat the duck by dipping it into the thicker sauce which had some minced ginger in it.  It reminded me of the hainanese chili sauce but sweeter. The combo was a bomb. I can actually eat this as my meal! Fried shrimp rolls came out piping hot.  Another tasty item but I prefer the salad while my friend polished off the rest of the shrimp rolls. The duck noodle soup was served while we were still savoring the salad. The soup was kind of 'muddy' from the fermented tofu & taro but smells heavenly. I had to try a sip even though i was still working on the salad. I was in love :) It reminded me of the Chinese red wine ginger chicken without the wine.  However, both the noodles (egg noodles in one & vermicelli in mine) were slightly mushy. Could be that we had the noodle sitting a bit longer while we finish the duck salad. Otherwise it was a bowl of deliciousness Overall a very happy camper"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Phi N.', '4', "4 star for my brother's duck noodles and the appetizers 3 star for my com ga siu siu We started off with banh bot loc, banh beo, and cha gio. All excellent appetizers. The banh beo is particularly good here because they add a bit of real shrimp, not just the dried stuff.  I was mainly just disappointed with the sauce for the com ga siu siu. It was like a sweet & sour fish sauce. I am used to (and LOVE) the oyster/soy sauce with ginger and scallions. Maybe next time I'll just make it at home and bring it myself, lol. My brother's dish was deep in flavor and huge in size. Wonderful bowl of noodles to order.  Service was more than excellent. Super friendly staff. They helped us with ordering, gave descriptions of how they make some stuff, and were lively and fun"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Leslie L.', '5', "The boy and I got 2 duck porridge and 1 duck salad to go. Oh. My. God. It's amazing. The porridge has just the right amount of flavor that make you slurp up every drop. I've grown up eating Chinese style porridges that are flavorful based on the add ons but this style is definitely way more flavorful than I expected.  Also, let's talk about this duck salad. First, it's massive. We shared it between two people for one meal (amongst some other food) and then had leftovers for the next morning. The sauces are all so good. In fact, the ginger fish sauce was so inspiring that I ended up making a ginger fish sauce on my own after I returned to NYC. It's such an unexpected kick that knocks you out of your socks in the best way possible. My favorite combinations of food is punch of flavor balanced with a bit of spice. Anyways, whenever I'm back in San Jose, I need to come back here for dinner. Everything else on the menu looks incredible!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lisa D.', '5', 'We drove by "Vit Dong Que" Vietnamese restaurant many times in the past, but have not tried it until today.  The duck salad and porridge were amazing. The duck was fresh and tender and the porridge was very tasty. For the two of us, we ordered a small duck salad, a side of duck porridge and a chicken noodle soup and that were plenty of food for us. We also ordered the green tea, which they added a slice of ginger so it was very refreshing. The service was excellent as well. We already plan to go back sometime this weekend to try other items on their menu.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Anh T.', '5', 'Had mi vit tiem, very good, tender meat and the broth is super flavorful  Also banh bot loc and banh beo, they are fresh and well made Very authentic food especially Hue food Service is nice and friendly, would come back for more']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Sharon C.', '5', 'Good service. Got the duck salad, lots of duck and lots of salad. Also ordered the avocado smoothie. I say "good service" because I took this order to-go and forgot about the avocado smoothie. The guy tried to call me but I was already on my way back -- honest people! Avocado smoothie was YUMMY. I gave some to my husband and he gave it back empty :(']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Kathy N.', '4', 'I got the duck rice plate and it comes with the ginger fish sauce. Yum. But the Thai tea is too sweet for my liking']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Christina T.', '4', 'Flavorful duck broth!  Duck noodles/porridge! Get the duck salad togo with your meal!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Gary H.', '4', 'First time here for us.  The duck salad with pho noodle combo was tasty.  The noodles included delicious duck inerts.  The duck was tender and fresh.  The sauces are great.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'E W.', '5', 'Five stars - my to-go spot for Vietnam duck noodle and chicken pho ! Best deal , good taste and good service.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Dân T.', '5', '"Banh beo" and "banh bot loc" are the best in local. I like it place. I went to Pho Ga Nha a lot. But my friend recommended me this place. OMG, the food is great. Services are very nice. Foods are tasty. The restaurant is really clean. My boyfriend ordered "Com ga roti". He said that this is the best Com Ga roti in town. Try it. You will love it.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tramy V.', '5', "Quack quack - it's all about the Goi Vit here! Really good portions of duck and salad.  The duck pieces have a good amount of meat on them!   Banh beo, banh bot loc, and banh nam - all were delicious Hue delicacies. I would recommend ordering the large duck salad, along with two bowls of whatever you like - noodles, porridge, etc. Service was nice, warm, and prompt. We'll definitely be back!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Hong L.', '5', "A great place for duck lover like me where you can find some Vietnamese authentic dishes and tastes. I usually order duck salad and hotpot duck soup with fermented tofu. The duck meat is so tender and the sauce (nuoc mam) to mix with salad is sweet but savory. There's different type of ginger fish sauce for dipping the duck meat as well. The hotpot came with egg noodle, choy sum (white Chinese flowering cabbage), taro on the side. There's fermented tofu sauce for dipping the duck meat that's slowly cooked in the hotpot. The restaurant also serves variety of cuisine from central region in Vietnam since the owner is originally from there. I would try more dishes on my next visit."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Ken C.', '5', 'Great food!! Good service  Appetizers amazing Small quiet place Definitely new fav in SJ Coming back soon']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lynda S.', '4', "In the mood for DUCK? We came back today to try what they are known for which is DUCK!  We tried the Bun Mang Goi Vit and Dac Biet Mien Ga and we had to update our review to 4 stars. Both were delicious.  The vermicelli noodles with duck salad is just what I wanted. Soup and Noodles were Savory with the crunch of the salad on the side. Don't forget the duck which can be dipped on the sauce on the side was oh so yummy! The clear noodle choice on the Chicken soup vs my last review was a better choice. Flavor was better today then my last review 2 weeks ago. Downside to most dishes here is duck and chicken are all with bones. A bit hard to enjoy without having to take some time out to get all savage on the meat to separate from the bones.  Service is really good. The waiter comes and suggests different things to try and tries to converse with our toddler with a smile which is always so welcoming... It's CASH only so bring your loot if you want to dine here...parking is real tight after 12, so park in the Grand Century plaza and walk over if you need to. It's got limited spaces directly in the lot where the restaurant is. Happy Duck Dining!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tam N.', '5', "My fellow Vietnamese people. This is the place to get your mama's home cooked duck dishes. With that ginger fish sauce goodness. 100% legit. Loved their duck rice plate . Their vermicelli soup with bamboo shoots was good but minimal on the bamboo though - and the bamboo was a little tough. The samll duck salad was enough for 4 people. I'd skip it next time and just order the vermicelli soup with bamboo shoots + side salad (A3). All in all, for 3 entrees and the salad appetizer, $59 is on the steeper side for Vietnamese food but soo worth it for this good comfort food. They also have Bun Bo Hue and Chicken plates but let's not do the restaurant name any injustice by ordering those."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Jasmine P.', '4', "Another pleasant experience here. The banh beo is super delicious, especially with their nuoc mam cham. It's very soft and slightly chewy as it should be. Shrimp is savory. I would like a bit more hanh phi (fried onion) and mo hanh (green onion/scallion oil), but that's just my preference. The banh beo is pretty great already. The bun bo Hue is alright, it isn't the best. I wouldn't recommend ordering it here. Don't be fooled by the sugar cane drink poster! It looks super awesome and refreshing, but it's actually strange tasting. Like they mixed pineapple or something in it. It tastes like a canned drink, unfortunately. I still had a good dinner, nonetheless. This place is called Vit Dong Que, so be sure to try out the duck dishes. They know how to prepare their duck! I will definitely come back to get their amazing mien mang goi vit (clear noodle soup with duck meat, bamboo shoot, and salad) again. That's the item I ordered my first time there. You can check out my previous Yelp review on it!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Jade L.', '3', "This place is cash only** Parking is horrible here, so if there isn't parking in the front, circle around to the big lot thats next to the restaurant  I thought it was interesting this place has only duck or chicken aside from their appetizer. You won't get any beef pho here. I came here with a group and we all ordered different food and I thought eating duck was odd in my pho. For the appetizer, (I don't remember the name) but it was a pate in a banana leaf. Definitely something interesting and worth a try once. We also had some fried egg rolls, the basic and go to for appetizer. For the main meal; the chicken in the noodle soup wasn't like sliced chicken, it was the yellow chicken (kinda like the Chinese ginger onion chicken) and you pretty much just dunk the meat in the soup and it has bones. This is a bit more difficult to eat since I rather just eat sliced chicken or sliced meat than pick out the bones. The people here are quite nice and recommended us couple of stuff to start off. Service is great...but the food just wasn't hitting us at the right spot. :("]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Maria M.', '5', "I called in today and asked if I could make an order to go, a gentlemen answered and informed me that I could.  I been searching for a Vietnamese place that sold Banh Bot Loc and I finally found a place that not only makes them but are super nice and understanding that I don't speak Vietnamese and were happy to take my order. Even though I ordered to take out, I was extremely happy with their service and dumplings that I left a tip. We will be coming back here. Excellent service."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Darlene D.', '4', "If youre in the mood for duck this is the spot!!! & like any other viet restaurant it's cash only! My family and I came on a weekend morning and ordered, banh nam, 3 bowls of bun mang vit (without the vit) and an order of the goi vit. We're not a huge meat eater family so basically what duck meat that was given on the goi we just throw it into our soups and thats enough LOLL. I really like the bun mang vit- it comes with bambu and other chicken organs like liver and gizzard. The broth is nice and hot and the bun I wished was a little less soft but still good none the less! The banh nam was okay, it was too soft for my liking. Overall, great place for if you're looking for duck!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Hanh N.', '4', 'Small mom and pop joint, seems like they tried to squeeze as many tables into this tiny place as possible. We ordered the banh beo, bun mang vit and the chao vit. Everything was delicious! The way they cooked their duck was perfection. The goi was also fresh, they do not mix the Nuoc mam for you in the goi, instead you have to pour the premade fish sauce in and mix it yourself. The brought out 2 different types of premade fish sauce and both were really good!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Twie N.', '5', "The food are tasty and healthy. Authentic Vietnamese food, the portion is big. We're happy with our dishes."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Trung H.', '3', '3.5 stars - Location: it was hard to find it since it is located in a tiny spot where it is being surrounding with fences and huge advertising boards. - Parking/Staffs/Cashier: OK. - Food: we ordered porridge with duck meat ($11.75), and porridge with duck salad ($13.50). Duck meat and duck salad both were good, but the porridge tasted a little bland. - Price: a little pricey based on its portion size, and porridge quality. Will definitely come back to try duck and something else on the menu, but not porridge at least for awhile.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Marlene T.', '5', "Oh DUCK! Important: Cash only.  The flavors are clean and delicious! The portions are large. I like their combos of porridge and duck salad or clear noodles with duck salad. You can ask them to take off the skin of the duck if you prefer no skin on your meats. They explain what the sauces are and how to use them. You could probably share one of the combos but why would you? Just order your own and take some salad home if you have left overs! I'd definitely come back here."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Stanley Y.', '4', "Great food, great service, decent prices, small parking lot. 'Vit' is duck you know that's what you have to order here! I had the personal size duck porridge with a 'small' duck salad on the side. The salad was actually quite large and shareable with a small party as a side dish. The duck was nice and tender. The porridge was great too and contains some duck liver/organs which is not for everyone."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thien D.', '5', "It's our first visit here and it has excellent duck soup and salad. The service was great !! Keep up the good work !! Cháo vt, bún măng vt và gi tht ngon."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Sophia G.', '5', "Love the food and the short experience i had :) Called right after they open and order a chao goi vit togo. The gentleman on the phone was very nice and polite. When I come in he knows right away that the order was mine ( good guess) He was so friendly even though it was the first time we met but i felt very welcome when i was there.  So i took the food home, super generous portion. Chao and goi for $14. The cabbage was fresh and thinly sliced, the duck was lean and had perfectly cooked and the porridge was tasty with small pieces of duck intestines. What can i say, my first time here and I'll definitely come back."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Maria H.', '5', "Originally, the plan was to get some tasty pot next door but the line was just too damn long. We were walking around while waiting for our table and spotted this place and it was a GEM! Stepped into this small cute restaurant with a duck logo. They serve a variety of duck soup/plate, chicken soup/plate, and other Vietnamese small dish. The waiter/owner runs the show of the restaurant. Even though it's a very quiet night with only three tables seated, he was still very energetic and happy to serve his food.  Order: 1. Duck salad & noodle - portion is huge on the salad part with sweet/spicy sauce. It was SO GOOD.  2. Banh Beo - 9 small plates of deliciousness  3. Pork noodles w/ soup on the side. - NOMS! it was really flavorful The food here have a very heavy garlic/ginger side in their sauce. Add your sauce gradually to taste.  This restaurant is very clean and bright.  Would definitely return and recommend this place!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Christine N.', '5', 'This is my mom\'s go-to place for duck. She "saves" money by doing takeout instead of dining in, and it\'s still pretty good as takeout. I like the Bun Mang Vit (duck noodle soup) and Goi Vit (duck salad).  The duck pieces have a good amount of meat with minimal skin and bones, making it easier to eat and dip into the ginger sauce.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vanessa P.', '5', "My sister told me about this place and I didn't know what to eat for lunch so I drove here. Parking isn't the best so I parked at Grand Century and walked over. I ordered banh loc, banh beo and banh nam and OMG its so good and authentic. The fish sauce came with fresh peppers. I am definitely coming back to try the duck salad next time along with the Hue appetizers. Its cash only tho."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tri L.', '1', "Waited 30 minutes on a Sunday around 1:30pm and never sat. This is what we observed. During the first 15 minutes a family that was already there never got their menu nor ordered. 25 minutes in we hear a table ask for their water that never came out and they were almost done eating. Mind you, these were bowls of noodles and porridge that you need time to eat. One table never got cleaned. I'm sure the food is good but their service is terrible. They need more help. We crossed off our names and left.  Probably won't ever come back"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thien D.', '5', "I'm the most lazy person to write a review of restaurant or place that I've been to. But this one I gotta make an effort to write because of their exceptional service! I've never expect to have great service when I go into an Asian restaurant. It's just well known not to compare the service with American restaurants. However, Vit Dong Que has the service that I felt as if I was home spoiled rotten by my parents and on top of that the foods were fantastic! Goi Ga is my Favorite because of their fish sauce!  The restaurant is a little small but hey what the heck! Food and service were great! Totally recommend!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tawn D.', '4', "First time here. Duck porridge (and salad) was the best I've ever had. The portions were appropriately priced.  Husband had the chicken Pho and liked it.  Ordered the mi vit tiem thinking it was going to be just duck noodle soup. It came out and my daughter was mortified by the dark broth and flavor.  She ate my husband chicken Pho instead. I did not care for it either.  First time I've ever seen this broth. Good to know not to order.  We also ordered the banh bot loc and banh nam. They were ok to me because I've had better. At least they steamed it fresh instead of microwaving it.  Overall, I would be back for the duck porridge."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'M C.', '5', 'The duck is nice- gamey and moist. The duck salad is duck with cabbage and two sauces. I have tried the duck salad with congee and noodles, but find that it is best with congee. Cash only!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Brandon D.', '5', "We came here for a late dinner and it wasn't too busy. We were greeted really nicely and seated quick.  I got the duck noodle soup with the clear noodle. The noodles were really fresh and tasty. Unlike some places where the noodles are soggy, the noodles here are chewy and absorb all of the soup flavor. Adding on to that, the soup was definitely the best part of the meal! It had so many complex flavors and they all went really well together. The owner, Cuong, was so nice to us and brought an extra bowl of soup just for us! We ended up drinking all of that soup plus the soup with our noodles! The duck was also tender and good quality.  I was really impressed by the quality of the ingredients here and how well everything went together. Definitely coming back."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'James R.', '5', 'Came here for the Pho Ga! Freaking awesome! , I will for sure come back and try the other items in the menu. Service was outstanding bc their server/host/waiter/manager/cashier has the best customer service.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Clayton T.', '5', "This is the one and only duck restaurant I've seen. They cook their ducks for an extremely long time to remove the gameiness and specialize in authentic Vietnamese cuisine as well.  Im probably going to update this review later but this is absolutely, 6/5stars AWESOME.  Everything is awesome, flavor, portions, price, atmosphere, employees I would come here so often if I lived in SJ.  Anyways, I'll update this when I have more time. It should also be noted that the owner is a super cool guy and very interesting to talk to.  If you're considering coming here, just do it! You won't regret."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', "The Sun '.", '4', "Heard great things about this restaurant and decided to give it a try for lunch with a friend who recently came from Vietnam. I'm not Vietnamese so the name of the restaurant didn't give me a clue that the restaurant specializes in duck entrees.  We ordered the duck salad, duck porridge, the fried egg roll with shrimp and bun no hui (spicy beef noodles). The large duck salad was refreshing with generous portions of duck with the dressing already tossed in. The bun no hui was a little on the sweet side for me. Hence the drop of a star. The egg roll was yummy because it had a bit of taro which I love.  Overall, my friend from Vietnam says this was the best Vietnamese restaurant she's had since arriving to the US."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Daryl E.', '5', 'No doubt about these noodles.  No left overs,  not much talking, lots of happy kids, parents,  and grand parents. Fantastic, fun,  and count us 3 new full on fans!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Foodlover W.', '5', 'It feels like home since day one. This is the only restaurant that are friendly and talk to me like family. When my hungry ass over order food (like I always do), they would tell me "No! Too much food already. You\'re wasting food and money if you order more. Trust me." They\'re right every damn time though. Hahahaha. I love their banh bot loc. It\'s the best around. We love their Com Bo Luc Lac and all the chao too.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Jen N.', '5', "I'm so surprised that more people haven't been here! It's so good! So far I've only tried the lau vit nau chao, banh beo, and some bun bo hue. Now I know this place specializes in duck, but the BBH is really yummy! Best in town imo. If you miss the original Ca Mau bbh back in the days in DTSJ, it's really similar tasting, fresh, and it's not loaded with a bunch of msg. The vit nau chao is not fatty at all and it's just pure goodness. The banh beo is the type topped with dried shrimp and scallion oil so if you're expecting the pork rinds and all the other fixings, you're not going to get that here.  Try this place! You'll love itttt"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Jenny N.', '5', 'This place has great duck soup in town and the service are fast to the table. If you duck or chicken with rice or soup this is the best place i think in town']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'LV S.', '4', 'When I want to eat porridge, this is one of my favorite place to go to! I get the chicken porridge and salad and my husband gets the duck. We combine our salads to give it a more mixture since the chicken salad mostly consist of onions. They are pretty big portions!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Khoi Khoi N.', '5', "Had dinner here with my date and a few friends. Very friendly and attentive service. The food was  delicious and I really enjoyed the herbal duck and egg noodle soup and the duck salad. Would recommend this place if you're craving duck. Also had live music and carolers from some local artists the night we came."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Hoai C.', '4', "The restaurant has only been opened for around 5 months.  It is on the small side but nice and clean.   Owner was very friendly - came to talk to us and gave suggestions.  Food was pretty good and reasonably priced.  The restaurant specializes in Vietnamese duck dishes but if you don't like duck, you can have the same dish with chicken.  It also offers apetizers from Hue (banh beo, banh bot loc, banh dap, etc.).  I guess this is because the owner is from this region? Banh beo:  very good Eggroll: average Bun bo hue:  good Duck porridge and salad: very good, the duck was pretty lean and tasted fresh Duck noodle with fermented soy bean: not my cup of tea but the hubby liked it Rice plate with roasted chicken:  generous portion, my son inhaled it"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vi B.', '5', 'The family that owns this restaurant is super nice and accommodating. We drive an hour out here once a week just to have their food. My boyfriend and I typically order the banh Beo, banh bot loc, duck vermicelli soup and the duck salad. Everything is always delicious and on point! Today we tried the special Bun bo hue and the broth was exceptional! You know right away that these amazing people put time and effort into perfecting their broth. Overall, I would love to rate this restaurant a 100 stars if I could! They provide meritorious service as well! I would highly recommend to everyone.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Yvette T.', '2', "I'm only giving them 2 stars because the service was very friendly and quick.  Unfortunately the food would be negative stars it was so bad.  We ordered Banh beo (dry and disappointing because that was the reason we came) and mi vit tiem.  The soup was GROSS.  There were tons of herbs in the soup and it wasn't even edible.  I've had mi vit tiem At plenty of restaurants in OC and SF and this was worse than instant noodles.  Never again"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thông L.', '5', "The best vietnamese food in town, try out cháo gi vt anh bánh bèo, you won't reget it ;)"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Sarah F.', '5', 'Just one word for duck lovers - Yum!   This little Vietnamese restaurant specializes in ducks. Good price , big portion.  Tip: CASH ONLY.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Truc T.', '3', 'Hours: 10am-9pm, Closed on Tuesdays.  (Hours are backwards on yelp..) We came here Sunday morning at 9:55am, thinking that they opened at 9am but the opening hours were 10am. The "open" sign was already turned on so we decided to just try and walk in, and a man greeted us very warmly, "goood morningg!", and seated us.  Small, cozy spot with about 10-11 tables. They had old school Vietnamese folk songs playing in the back.  They specialize in duck dishes but they also offer chicken versions of the noodle soups/porridge/rice plates. There\'s also a few Hue specialities. -banh beo, banh bot lot, banh nam and bun bo hue.  We ordered.. Chao Goi Vit $12.50 (Porridge with duck salad)  -porridge was slightly bland for my taste and it had a gingery note. It came with a few pieces of sliced gizzards and liver. This came out piping hot, and stayed hot throughout my meal.  -duck salad was literally the size of my hand! It was HUGE...but mainly a pile of shredded green cabbage with 7-8 chunks of moist and tender duck.  The color of the duck was a little off-putting though; pale brown.  Bun Vit Nau Chao $11.95  (Vermicelli soup with duck meat, fermented tofu, taro chunks, and mustard greens)  -this bowl of noodle soup was HUGE as well and the broth was slightly sweet. My BF ordered this and said it was good and flavorful but the duck was a tad bit overcooked.  When the waiter brought out the sauces for each of our dishes, he actually explained which sauce belonged to which dish. Yes.  Like I said, both orders were HUGE. Each one was enough for two people. I\'ve never said this before, but the huge portions were actually too overwhelming. So make sure to share what you order and remember that each dish is enough for two!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Ella T.', '5', "It's amazing. This is a real pearl. Their duck porridge is probably the best I've ever tasted. Will come again next time. Highly recommend."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Miquel T.', '5', 'first time here and received the best service ever...I came here with my wife and my newborn daughter... the owners came up to us and ask would they like them to hold our new born baby while you guys enjoy the dinner... We said know but we appreciate them for asking.... food was amazing ... service was amazing!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lily Y.', '4', 'CASH ONLY!  1 less star for no credit card. ****Food is good ( Bun man goi vit , mi vit them) and services is nice. I would come back to try other dishes.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Hieu T.', '5', "I love this place cuz feel like family's also people here is so friendly. Food is number one 5 stars for them thanks anyway"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Jackie N.', '5', "So this small family owned restaurant so expect loud shouting across the room an all that.. but I actually love them. Food is good! Their goi vit is always impressive cause that's usually all I order. The small size will fill you and if you have the noodle soup with it, then it's definitely more than enough to get full. The sauces are perfectly tasty (nuoc Mam), here twice and service is always good. They look like they are running around like headless chickens but they do it all with a smile! They're hilarious and is quick too. Overall a great causal place for some bun soup!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Perry N.', '5', "The best bún bò hu and service in town! Not only VĐQ has the best food for but their service is amazing. We come here very often and refuse to have BBH else where but here. Every time I come, Cuong, the manager, always gives us exceptional service. He takes very good care of us and my order, how I'd like to customize my food. He is very patient, friendly and energetic. My 3 years old son likes to come to VĐQ just so he can say hi to Cuong. Thank you, anh Cng."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Rachelhly L.', '5', 'This restaurant is awesome. Love their Banh beo, banh nam, com ga roti, mi vit tiem and bun goi ga.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Landon N.', '5', "Hands down the best bamboo duck soup and duck salad I've tried. The duck meat is always fresh and cooked to perfection. Soup tastes amazing, full of flavor, and not loaded with MSG like other places. The owner took the time to talk to us actually. You can just tell he's a kind-hearted person who has passion for what he does. He said this is how they really cook at home. Everything fresh and flavorful. Takes about 12 hours to make the soup... whoa! But I believe him! You really can taste the difference. It's a must try for all duck lovers!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Alpha D.', '5', "Five star for duck porridge. It's the best I have ever had for a long time. Their free range duck meat is amazing, not even a thin layer of fat between skin and meat. The porridge is tasty but not overwhelming, perfect for breakfast. Parking is a bit tight but manageable since there are lots of spaces around the corner. The owner was very friendly and a bit anxious to show me what he thought I needed. LOL. Fairly clean and fast service. Cash only though. I'm sure I will come again next time I'm in San Jose."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Sara T.', '5', "I've finally found a place that serves duck noodle soup the way my grandma used to make it and I couldn't be happier. I've been here a few times, ordered away once, and have always had a pretty good experience. At one point during our last time here, I asked about our order since it seemed like a part of it was missing. The mom of the restaurant kept trying to help explain it to me in Vietnamese. I was touched that she wanted to fix things but I kept saying, I'm sorry I really don't speak Vietnamese... because I really couldn't understand anything she was saying. The son (?) was great though and reassured his mom that he'd talk to me and clarify things which he did. So if you're craving Vietnamese duck style dishes, don't be intimidated by the all Vietnamese name of the restaurant and just go! Their food is deeeelicious!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Alice Z.', '5', "Love this place. I've only had it once, but i will be back for more! We had the duck salad and the duck noodle soup. It was delicious! I was super satisfied with everything. The soup was perfect on a cold night. Will be back!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thanh T.', '5', 'This place is pretty clean. The foods are awesome. In addition, people in here are very friendly. I wish that I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'C K.', '4', 'My first time to try Vietnamese duck dishes. So we ordered a half duck. Big compliment on a meaty duck! The cooking method was boiling it in broth - to my limited knowledge, so it was a bit bland, even with the tasty (sweet) fish sauce. The idea was probably to enjoy the natural taste of the duck! The curry beef with bread was a thumb up. And, we enjoy the rice noodle soup with combination. We should pick a different duck dish so that other flavors can be added in. Try other dishes on the menu. Overall it is a neat little restaurant.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tiffany D.', '5', 'Best duck noodle and chao! Better than the one inside of Grand Century Food court. Also they have banh beo here its way better than Hue.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Vi Y.', '5', "Loved this place! The owner was really nice and accommodating.   We had the banh bot lot.  The texture was perfectly chewy. We also shared the mien mang goi viet.  The broth was so good!!!! Adding this spot to our normal rotation.  Soup and a salad. Really can't go wrong. Note: it's cash only and they don't serve alcohol."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'P P.', '4', "Damn this foods so delicious and tasty all times. I cannot say no. I'm continued lives eat this ducks soups everyday.  No complaints"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tri M.', '5', 'Very good bún măn vt, you can order side order soup and share the main course together, a lot of duck come with the order. Highly recommended.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tina P.', '5', "This place deserves more business! They made the right decision to switch to duck and chicken instead of banh cuon because that was not good...I've been here twice with my family and both times the food was good and consistent. Plus, the service was excellent! This restaurant is true authentic Vietnamese cuisine. They specialize in duck and chicken dishes.  Anyway, their duck and chicken is very tender and most of their dishes come with a traditional vietnamese cabbage salad. I especially love their salad dressing and fish sauce with ginger to dip the meat in. It was a little too salty but it's nothing I can't fix with eating more rice! Haha. My parents usually get their clear noodle soup with duck. It comes with a bowl of clear noodle soup; the duck came separately on a huge bed of their salad. My brother usually gets the egg noodle soup with chicken and he liked it. I like the broth in his soup better than my parents' soup, but it's all about preference because both broths were good. I usually get rice plates because it's traditional vietnamese rice cooked in a garlicky chicken broth. Yum! I got chicken both times and they were well-seasoned and tender. They give huge portions at an affordable price. Now onto their service. The older waitress is sooo freaking nice and attentive and made sure we got what we want (my mom's picky =.=). My mom forgot to mention no green onion in her soup when the kitchen already made it. However, they remade it for my mom with no complaints. The waitress saw my brother eating off of my mom's plate so she got my brother an empty bowl without him requesting! Like whaaaat? I've never gotten that service from an asian restaurant before. I don't know if americanized people would like it or not but you never know unless you try; but I loved my experiences."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Randy F.', '4', "Vit Dong Que replaces the former Banh Cuon Phu Ho Tay that was here for less than a year.  It's too bad as I thought their version of Hu Tieu Nam Vang was legit.  On the bright side, Vit Dong Que represents the first duck focused Vietnamese restaurant I've been to in Little Saigon.  The menu consists of a variety of duck noodle soups and a duck salad and is paired with chicken dishes on the left side of the menu (noodles, rice, etc.).  There's even a duck hot pot option but it's for two people only.  Decor and table arrangement is completely the same as the prior restaurant as the owners are the same and they had difficulty  producing Banh Cuon due to an employee related issue so decided to refocus on another cuisine specialty.  My waitress didn't speak any English but the menu is written in Vietnamese and English so I was able to point to my order. I was planning to check out some other food options in the area so opted for a salad.  Gio Vit - $13.50.  The duck salad included a surprising amount of food but perhaps given the price I should have expected that. It's a very generous portion of salad consisting largely of cabbage, herbs, and a sweet fish sauce dressing and is served with a large cooked duck leg and thigh cut into multiple pieces.  The duck is tender and moist but is cooked via blanching or boiling so there's no sauce inherent in the preparation that I could tell. Instead, you dip the duck pieces into your choice of two different fish sauce based dipping sauces, one with plentiful minced garlic and the other with minimal pickled vegetables.  It's a refreshing dish and the duck is tasty and matches well with the dipping sauce.  The extra bonus is that an entire soup noodle is served on the side (as big as the noodle soup dishes) and consists of your choice of vermicelli or rice noodles.  The soup broth is very drinkable and consists of duck giblets and gizzards that is warming and a nice match to the cold salad.  Overall, it was a tasty meal and I was much too full to eat anywhere else even though I packed half the salad away.  I think the duck focus is a nice change from all the other places in the area and if the hot pot or chicken dishes are legit, I hope this place sticks around longer than the last.  Vit Dong Que accepts cash only."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'J T.', '5', 'We ordered the chicken and duck salads combo with the bun mang, which were both tasty. Small portion would be perfectly enough for party of 2s. The only negative was that they  adapted to the typical Asian businesses with the "cash only" policy. Overall, service was good.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tien C.', '5', 'I love this place. :) Very cozy and clean. The food is pretty good and the service is awesome, very nice. I highly recommend this restaurant for those who are in love with duck and chicken lol. Will definitely come back.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Trang N.', '5', 'Love the place. Service may be slow, but the food is awesome. Took my sister in law and family there. Highly recommended.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Kieu T.', '5', 'Get the duck soup & salad! I am usually not a fan of bamboo, but this was done well and did not have the strong bamboo smell. Salad was crisp and fresh, and the duck was tender, not too fatty, and did not smell game-y either.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Cindy D.', '4', "The original owner of Pho Ga An Nam and Bun Bo and Pho Ga Nha back at it again with another great restaurant! It makes me sad that she starts up such a great restaurant and stabilize it, and the new owners come in and mess the quality up. Luckily, she's still in the business, this time specializing in duck!  This place replaces the old Phu Ho Tay in the Tasty Pot area. My favorite thing she makes is the Mi Vit Tiem. Love the whole duck leg in the bowl surrounded by thin egg noodles."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Elena R.', '5', "The yelp reviews here did not disappoint! We drove all the way down from SF just for lunch. As for parking, come early or good luck fighting the rest of the world here for parking (many who just create their ow parking spots).  The specialty here is duck so give that a try. I was especially looking forward to the bánh bèo dish since the last time I had it was 10 years ago in Orange County. This was DELICIOUS and my favorite dish. The flavors were savory yet melted in my mouth. We did not read the menu very well so when ordering, assumed we were getting one bowl of pho. However, out came a huge duck salad which was delicious as well!  Wow, everything we ordered did not disappoint. We also ordered fried spring rolls and those were great as well. Kids ordered a mango smoothie and slurped that clean. Tea was in an individual tea bag that we had to brew ourselves, that was fine, but not what I expected. Hubby had an iced coffee and no complaints from him. The staff here is friendly and fast. Food came out super fast! Can't wait to come back to try other dishes!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'K L.', '1', "I do not recommend this place. Definitely prefer Hue, for banh beo and Pho Ga Nha for Roi Ga. We all had an bad experience. Service was beyond slow. Family business owned. They don't listen carefully when taking order. We got wrong items, and rice came out last, we finished the roi ga before the rice even came out. Literally waited 20 mins after the roi came out. It did not make sense, how hard is it to serve only rice? Definitely many other options around area."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Dan C.', '5', 'The owners were pretty nice. This place seems to specialize in Vietnamese duck dishes. My party had the egg rolls, duck hot pot, duck salad, and chicken pho. They were all delicious. The duck reminded me of rhe Chinese hoi nan chicken which is more of a very lightly flavored chicken, that you are suppose to dip it. The place is cash only.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Angie L.', '5', 'Been in love with the duck salad and duck porridge when i was in vietnam, they finally have the real tradition taste here.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Nina L.', '5', "I suppose to give 4 stars but one more is for the extra nice service I received at this restaurant. We like their chicken dishes. Instead of duck, we replaced the meat with chicken because my children and I are not used to eating duck.  The chicken noodles and chicken rice dishes were good and tasty. We also liked their appetizers Bánh Bt Lc and Bánh Bèo. They're fun to eat. On my first visit at this restaurant for dinner on the weekend, it was not busy.  But the husband and wife owners were very friendly and hospitable. When we came, My kid wasn't feeling well and having a stomachache. They heard and saw my kid crying, they showed they were care and worried, then offered and brought warm water to replace the iced water, then gave a bowl of porridge for free. Before we left, the wife gave my kid a hug and gave him a can of Coke to sip a little hoping it might help with the upset stomach. Sounded like family.  I hope this restaurant will be busy and successful, and for the service continues to stay friendly and hospitable.  *CASH ONLY*"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Mimi N.', '5', "DELICIOUS! Everything on the menu is great. My family come here once a week, if not then twice a week. We'll drive for 45 minutes just to have their duck salad, porridge and banh beo. All the employees are friendly and great customer service!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tom B.', '5', "I am a white man married to a Vietnamese woman.  I understand Vietnamese food.  This was my first time trying this place.  I tried something I had not had before.  It was a very herbal duck noodle soup.  Outstanding!  Unusual and delicious.  I can't wait to try other things on the menu.  If you are not Vietnamese, I encourage you to try something that, at first, might seem daunting.  You will be very pleasantly surprised.  The place is clean and the staff very friendly."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'John H.', '5', 'Love the the food and customer service here. A must try if you love duck. I had the chao goi vit(porridge with duck salad on the side), it was a thicker porridge but I enjoyed every bit of it. Also remember to bring cash, they do not take card.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Minh C.', '5', "The food is so amazing and authentic. It is like you don't need to visit Vietnam to enjoy pure vietnamese food. Come here and you can save your flight tickets. The service is really friendly. My favorite food is bun bo hue with special crab balls, which you cannot find anywhere else."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Linh T.', '5', "I went here for lunch today because I was craving chao goi vit. It's a new place and it was my first time here. It's a nice clean small restaurant. I like that they use new paper to cover the tables after each party. I can't stand those typical viet restaurants that use the same stinky towel on everything along with toxic chemical sprays. The server was very nice and quick. I was helped by 3 different ppl here and everyone was so nice. They told me they'd been open for 9 months. I'm a big fan of supporting the little moms and pops place because this is their livelyhood. Plus the chao goi vit was bomb!! I love porridge that isn't all thin and for me it was the perfect consistency of creamy and soupy. It was perfectly savory and had lots of giblets like I love. It was almost in every spoonful of soup. If you don't like giblets just let them know. It had fresh slices of ginger and fried shallots. Now the goi vit was actually a really nice portion. Perfect amount of meat to salad. I hate it when places a stingy with the meat. They offer 2 dipping sauces, a ginger one and a lemon nuoc cham sauce. Both sooo good. The salad itself already has the nice vinegrette on it so I personally like to dip the salad in the dipping sauces instead of drenching it. Love this one dish alone but I look forward to coming back and trying their other stuff!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'hong m.', '4', 'I came for the ducks and banh bot loc. Love this place :) great tasting Vietnamese food! Check it out for yourself. Minus one star for their C grade service that day, then again... most Asian restaurant is infamous for their services.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Yen C.', '5', 'I have been looking for a place that sells good duck meat for awhile. Duck meat here is pretty clean and no smell. I love Goi Vit ( salad with duck meat), especially Nuoc Mam (fish sauce with chilies pepper and ginger) Five stars for the good food.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Angela P.', '5', 'DUCK SALAD is really GOOD! I barely write any review on Yelp even though I use it to find places to eat all the time. Porridge with duck salad here are on point! Big thump up for the staffs also. They are very friendly and make me feel like I am at home :) #AReviewFromLALady']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lily L.', '4', 'Very good & friendly service, including their host. We both ordered duck noodles w/bamboo shoots & a lg side of duck salad. The ginger fish sauce was perfect. Great portions on both, broth was sweet & all were priced rt. Unfortunately, it\'s "cash only," which isn\'t surprising I guess. Definitely will return.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Hoang N.', '5', 'Flavor - 4.5 stars for the nuoc mam and everything else Portion - 5 stars, very big - just look at some picture on yelp and you know what i mean.   Staff - 5 stars, very friendly and nice Cleaniness - 5 for changing the paper on the table for new guest. Not alot of asian restaurant do this.  They only wipe with the dirty towel over and over again until the smell is permanently there.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Kitty C.', '5', "Authentic Hue style food. We've been looking for good Vietnamese food since we moved here and this was a real winner. Salads are delicious. My husband was VERY impressed with the Bun Bo Hue. I loved the hot pot and Banh Beo. Host was absolutely gorgeous and very welcoming. Wonderful service. If you know and love REAL Vietnamese food, YOU MUST EAT HERE!!!!!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thinh P.', '5', 'Best bun bo hue and duck noodle soup I have had in awhile. Good service and the Owner is very friendly. Definitely come back here again. 10/10  would recommend']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'William B.', '5', 'This excellent and authentic restaurant specializes in traditional Vietnamese steamed duck dishes, which are delicate and delicious. Those looking for roast duck or Peking duck should look to a traditional Chinese restaurant. Vit Dong Que is a rare treat in the Bay Area and is completely unique in its specialization. They also serve chicken and some limited pork and beef dishes. The duck salad is outstanding, but for one person the "small" duck salad is very substantial. The "large" duck salad is too much for one person to eat, and there are even larger salads! The Pho dishes with duck are delicious as are those with rice. The restaurant is cash only and parking can be a challenge, but this is one restaurant that is very much worth a special trip. You won\'t find this food anywhere else in the Bay Area--and perhaps not even in the West. Just a warning--the restaurant is tricky to find, There are dozens of Vietnamese restaurants within a block. Going west on Story Road from McLaughlin Avenue in San Jose, turn right into the first driveway. The restaurant is the first on the right next to a flower shop. It has a duck on its sign.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Agus T.', '3', '3.5 stars.  1. the sliced duck salad was very refreshing and delicious.  superb balance of vietnamese herbs and sliced cabbage topped with perfectly cook duck meats.  both the sauce and dipping sauce are delicious and balanced their umame flavors to perfection.  2. preserved bean curd duck noodle was delicious. it is not as offensive as most dishes that contain preserved bean curd. the chef is able to use the bean curd perfectly. it has delicious flavors and tenderized the duck meat also.  3. herbal duck noodle soup. delicious soup with nice flavors. stronger in cinnamon (the one commonly found else where are more chinese version with stronger star anise).  the ducks died here. dried and most of the juice and flavors had rendered to the yummy soup.  service was minimal. had to ask for more water etc. price is on the higher side also.  great place for ducks indeed. absolutely will come back to try different duck dishes.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tam N.', '5', 'The food was very delicious, will come back again , we had bun nang vit , and banh beo']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Robert P.', '4', "This is one of my favorite restaurants in little Saigon. I've tried the duck + noodle soup, bun bo hue, banh nam, and banh beo here. By far my favorite was the duck + noodle soup. It comes with this strong ginger fish sauce that goes really well with the duck. The noodle soup is really well flavored (though just fyi it also has slices of organs in it). The bun bo hue and banh beo are quite good as well. Unfortunately, I've found the banh nam to be hit or miss. It was kind of mushy and the texture was off a few times we ordered it."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Hannah N.', '5', 'The best duck salad in San Jose. Great service! Whole family members work together. They always smiles and funny. Supper satisfied!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Wayne J.', '1', 'After reading 5 star reviews, we drove to this place  around 6:30 pm for diner on saturday. What a disappoinment, they ran out the specialty dish mi vit chao, so i ordered mien mang vit, there were a few strings of bamboo came w the noodles and a plate of thin slices of duck meat w bones (see picture). They must be out of spice veggies so only shredded cabbages. The fish sauce was too sweet to my taste, i prefer the duck noodle inside century malk over this. My son odered pho ga, and they were out. Although the food quality is ok, but people are friendly so we left them a nice tip but we will not be back.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thai H.', '4', 'This place is pretty good. The bun mang vit was flavorful. The duck was moist and plump. The ginger fish sauce is also good. I will be back.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tony D.', '5', 'Goi vit is perfect. The restaurant is clean and very nice. Service is good and manager is so friendly. It makes me to remember Ngu Binh restaurant at Cau Cong Ly, Saigon. Banh beo is delicious as well. The prices are really competitive. This is a good place for Hue food.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'S K.', '5', 'Very good. Got porridge and duck salad. Very tasty and very kind customer service.  Extra words to make it an official review because yelp require a very high minimum word count']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Chi C.', '5', 'Went to lunch today and the food was great, especially the duck, so tender, not too fatty and the dipping sauce was a great compliment to the dishes.  The restaurant is small and we waiting for 30mins for our table, but it was worth the wait.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tawn N.', '4', 'We finally got to try this place out since i m a fan of ducks. We ordered herbal duck egg noodles, and it was alright. The broth was a bit too concentrated with the herbs. As for the bamboo shoot vermicelli, it was decent. Still preferred my moms cooking. The ducks were meaty and fresh in comparison to other places. The service was prompt. Food came out in a timely manner. Only wish that they had on ac or some kind air ventilation when we were there.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'TQ D.', '4', 'My friend and I tried mì vt tim and bún vt xáo măng. Very good broth. The duck meat were super tender and sweet - exactly the way it supposed to taste. Highly recommend it here.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Catherine L.', '5', 'Very good and AUTHENTIC Hue food! The duck is fresh, juicy, tender, and flavorful. When it comes to service, we were definitely treated very well. This place is your classic mom and pop restaurant, where the owners treat their customers like family! The food is great!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Samuel B.', '5', "This is probably my favorite steakhouse in town. If you're going to splurge, this is the place to do it. The service is prompt but gruff, though I'd argue that's part of the rustic steakhouse feel. Our waiter, Tom, was able to give us some great guidance and was especially helpful for pairing beers with our steaks. Everything you've heard is 100% true and then some! Obviously the steak is the main event, and every time I go, it's top-notch -- juicy and perfectly cooked. Don't skip dessert! The house made cheesecake is out-of-this-world good, so save room on your main course!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Quang P.', '5', 'The food is amazing - solid, authentic dishes from Hue. We had Goi vit and banh beo chen and both were delicious. The owner is warm, friendly and generous - we were amazed and would definitely come back when we are in San Jose. Such a hidden gem.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lan A.', '4', "Good duck noodle soup! The meat was very meaty instead of just mostly bones. I'll come back to try the other dishes."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tony N.', '5', 'Awesome authentic food and even better service from the restaurant owner. Five stars.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Lily N.', '5', "Great customer service, duck doesn't not smell or dry. It's cooked just right. Most importantly the duck is not so fatty like most places. The broth is very savory. Highly recommend if you like everything duck."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Dong L.', '5', "My girlfriend and I has been here twice already. I wanna start off with their great customer service. The first time we were there I had their duck noodle soup and in Vietnamese (mi vt tim ) my GF had the bun mang vit. They are both delicious in flavor and all that's why we had to come back again to try another delicious item. As for an appetizer we had banh beo, DELICIOUS!!!!!! Our second time here I had the bun bo hue and my girlfriend had mien ga soup, Again!!!!! Delicious and very satisfied with their tastes. I wanna say that this place is highly recommended if you are craving for authentic Vietnamese food and I could guaranteed that you'll be back again..... We know we are!!!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Steven Z.', '5', 'Fresh ingredients, authentic style and taste, great portions and very healthy. They take only cash!! I will definitely be back hungry for more.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'shana r.', '5', "can i give this place 10 stars?? i would if YELP would let me! really really sweet people... and really really fabulous food! hubby and i came in for the 2nd time and the owner not only remembered us, but knew what we'd like to eat. we're white folks and feel terrifically welcome here, where all the other eaters are vietnamese. new to vietnamese food?? come here for the BEST introduction ever!!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Tyler v.', '4', 'Very good place for porridge with the traditional duck salad (Goi Vit).']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'An H.', '5', 'Excellent Goi Vit (duck salad), Bun Mang Vit (vermicelli noodle soup with bamboo shoot), Vit Nau Chao (duck stew/firepot with fermented tofu and taro).  The Bun Bo Hue is also excellent.  Very friendly staff.  Great place for duck!']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Caroline N.', '5', 'It was great I loved it. Food is awesome! Service is fast. What else do you need? Oh I know, a complementary yellow rubber ducky.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Jonathan N.', '5', "Got the duck soup. Broth was rich and flavorful. Service was great. Girlfriend had the chicken roti. Bomb as heck. Can't wait to go back."]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Kim H.', '5', 'I experienced good customer services there. The waitress gave me tips on selecting the dishes. The owner frequently refilled water and asked how was the food. I ordered duck salad and it was awesome.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Brandon L.', '3', 'Good portion price decent.  I had the roti chicken with rice.  The plate was big enough for me and my kids.  I had better roti chicken elsewhere, but chicken here is tender enough.  My mom had duck vermicelli noodle soup and she saids it ok.  The dipping sauce is too sweet.  Overall I might come here to try their curry duck noodle soup']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'T N.', '5', 'Havent had any good duck restaurant for awhile till i try this restaurant. A must try.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Khoa V.', '4', 'On the pricier side but worth it. The food was plenty and the quality was good. The place is clean, plating was nice. We would come back again for Bun Mang Vit']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Yen C.', '5', 'As expected when I have duck meat with cabbage salad. I am totally in love with ginger fish sauce (nuoc mam gung). The meat is clean not much fat, no game smell like other stores have.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Don N.', '5', "I'd say this place has the best bamboo shoot duck vermicelli soup (bun mang vit) , the best beef vermicelli soup Hue style ( Bun Bo Hue),  the best Banh Beo in Northern California.  I also love their friendly service than anywhere else. BTW, I am a very picky person when it comes to foods!"]
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'John L.', '4', 'Very nice staff and very tasty dishes. Nice restaurant with a charming atmosphere. Good prices too. The duck salad is really good.']
['vit-dong-que-san-jose', 'Thien N.', '5', 'delicious duck course, bun bo Hue, banh beo,we love it a lot and will com back very soon, miam miam']
